---
description: 16th October to 22nd October 2023
---

# Week 42

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=39607163&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 16th October 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-4b389c9a-7fff-36eb-379b-f302c6d49b59" id="docs-internal-guid-4b389c9a-7fff-36eb-379b-f302c6d49b59"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Knowledge Base Workgroup</mark>

#### **Present:**&#x20;

Tevo, Peter&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764565824397829\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764565824397829\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)&#x20;

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Analyze Treasury Guild Links and assets** **Decision items**&#x20;

Ideation items will not be organized under GitBook and are left to be workgroups to be finalized&#x20;

#### Action Items&#x20;

Continue aggregating links to Miro Board - Tevo, Peter&#x20;

#### **Discussion Points**&#x20;

We tested 3 part question to analyze a workgroup item \
Budget Consideration is an ideation document \


**Knowledge Base Workgroup** Discussion Points&#x20;

Updated Zoom link and Calendar \
Brought Peter up to date with workgroup activities

**Keywords**&#x20;

Ambassador Gitbook, Miro Board, Treasury Guild, Meeting was short

***

## Tuesday 17th October 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Governance WorkGroup</mark>

(Note: this summary covers both 17th and 24th Oct 2023)

#### People Present:&#x20;

Kenric, Peter, Rojo, Fly, Headelf, Felix \[documenter]

#### Purpose:&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on topics around Governance systems and processes at the SingularityNET Ambassadors program&#x20;

#### Summary:

In the Meetings on October 17th and October 24th, we discussed and ideated on a process to use the SNET Ambassadors Contribution and Treasury systems to define an onchain voting system based on a "one-person-one-vote" test vote on the Cardano Blockchain:&#x20;

More information at: Meeting Notes: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h\_KtaPZxV977x3Mxa7T4ta-ivcxXbgmOYetAT3seDw8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h\_KtaPZxV977x3Mxa7T4ta-ivcxXbgmOYetAT3seDw8/edit?usp=sharing)&#x20;

#### Detail

This process outlines a first PoC of one-person-one-vote decision making process within the SingularityNET Ambassadors program.

**How it actually works**

1\) Ambassador Program participants contribute\
2\) Contributions are tracked via Dework/GitHub tasks\
3\) Contribution tasks are uploaded into treasury system\
4\) Treasury system transforms participations into onchain data (Transactions)

This process allows us to “validate” individual contributors over an open-ended time frame and the longer an contributor engages, the stronger his identity gets. This finally introduces a process which is able to replace a KYC process, bootstrapping a new way of “Proof Of Livelihood” while in the meantime ensuring a high level of anonymity as the only identifiers used are a Discord handle and a Wallet Address on the Cardano Blockchain. As this process provides a verifiable list of contributors, each linked to one specific wallet, we have plenty of interesting opportunities to pilot decision making processes based on “one-person-one-vote” at a Blockchain protocol level.

To achieve the “one-person-one-vote”, we whitelist the program's contributors, generate a list of eligible wallets and send one voting token to each contributor. In this first pilot, we will use the [Voteaire Platform](https://voteaire.io/), which allows voting processes on the Cardano Blockchain.&#x20;

(There are multiple other platforms and solutions to run an on-chain voting process on the Cardano Blockchain; we use Voteaire due to its easy interface)

The Voting Ballot will allow only holders of the Voting token to cast their votes, through the policy id of the token.

#### Voting Eligibility parameters

At this first pilot, we defined some very simple parameters on how to “select” eligible voters. These soft parameters can be easily changed and adjusted in further initiatives.

**Individuals are eligible if:**\
&#x20;**-** Minimum 5hrs tracked contribution in the Program \
&#x20;\- Active for a minimum of 6 months in the Program

Token policy id - 3bbbc9facd9611c1f72521245c2ef3e72e6d580b11ad767a6584d045 (edited)\
Token fingerprint - asset1eg7jp22f7qtczjj2da9nk65g6f49qkqtll93ku\
Token Name: SNet test token\
Token Amount: 51

**What do we want to measure**\
Voting participation % ([51 Total eligible voters](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1h7nWb3\_yPbabxnQNUEkMSh7GeV2oRfi4RFShDwSOuj0/edit#gid=0))

#### Action Items:&#x20;

* Bootstrap the PoC as a initial test vote
* Define voting start and end dates
* Create Voting Guide material
* Set up voting ballot on Voteaire
* Announce voting at Ambassador Town Hall, 31st Oct
* Send voting test token to contributors

***

### Ambassador Town Hall

### Incubation Think-Tank

## Wednesday 18th October 2023

### Archives Workgroup

### Dework PBL Workgroup

### Process Modelling Workgroup

### Incubation Guild

### Strategy Guild

## Thursday 19th October2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### People present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-69ade962-7fff-6410-17f1-bdf519993d6d" id="docs-internal-guid-69ade962-7fff-6410-17f1-bdf519993d6d"></a>

Sucre n Spice \[facilitator]; Vani \[documenter]; Hogan Tuso; Peter; Lord Kizzy

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

New Onboarding email \
Video of the 7th Sept Onboarding meeting\
Whether the Onboarding WG should be presented as a “1st port of call” for new people\
Q4 budget and costing our work\
The value of hidden work\
The importance of 1-2-1 engagement work, of the kind that Sucre does\
The problem of people doing tasks for rewards only\
Flat rate payments, vs payment per engagement, vs payment per task, vs payment per hour

#### Decisions:

* new Onboarding email [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dFfexScth-EyoKW1dhoCrsAz53E131YGXJykDPB-aBE/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dFfexScth-EyoKW1dhoCrsAz53E131YGXJykDPB-aBE/edit?usp=sharing)  - Step 2 should not be “attend all meetings” - instead, highlight a) Ambassadors TH, and b) Onboarding WG.  \
  **Rationale** - New people might have opinions on onboarding, and might find it easy to engage in the WG.
* We will pay people to comment in discussion docs: $10 per doc that you contribute to (not per contribution). At the end of the quarter, assess whether people are commenting purely for the reward.&#x20;
* $200 per month to Sucre for direct onboarding work, (DMs, explaining things individually). \
  **Rationale:** we recognised the value of this mostly-invisible work - 2 people in the meeting said how much it had helped them. Without it, people often don’t get properly onboarded.&#x20;

#### Action items:&#x20;

* Sucre to tweak Onboarding email and send out by next week
* Vani to meet LadyTempestt and LordKizzy re: meeting documentation by next week
* All to try to attend Treasury meeting later today

#### Learning points:&#x20;

* Payment-per-contribution may cause people to add low-value input purely to get the reward. But worth the risk, to avoid micromanagement, and minimise overhead in assessing who gets paid.
* There is more to pricing a task than how long it takes. Special skills or knowledge; how essential the work is; how demanding it is (e.g. being constantly “on call”) can affect what is a fair price.
* 1-2-1 onboarding work: long term, Sucre could perhaps train more people to do it, but for now she can manage it.

#### Things to carry over for next meeting: &#x20;

none

#### Keywords:

#### Topics covered

onboarding; video WG; meeting summaries; costing; budget, Q4; worth; value; hidden work; micromanagement; contribution

#### Sources

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing), [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit), [https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/onboarding-workgroup](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/onboarding-workgroup), [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZQA9xOyKFoiOgzI9ED9pExPIWs62tH9i\_r\_CSib6S-k/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZQA9xOyKFoiOgzI9ED9pExPIWs62tH9i\_r\_CSib6S-k/edit?usp=sharing)&#x20;

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dFfexScth-EyoKW1dhoCrsAz53E131YGXJykDPB-aBE/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dFfexScth-EyoKW1dhoCrsAz53E131YGXJykDPB-aBE/edit?usp=sharing)&#x20;

#### how the meeting felt:&#x20;

late-start; collaborative; shy; funny; good humoured; interesting

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

#### **People Present:**&#x20;

Tevo, Andre, Peter, newman, callyfromauron, headelf, pureRelativity, fly, rojo&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

How to structure Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities?&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764565380923749\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764565380923749\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)&#x20;

#### **1) Ambassador September Rewards**&#x20;

#### **Decision items**&#x20;

We will have async voting if we should reward Ambassadors from reserve&#x20;

#### **Action Items**&#x20;

Create async voting item to reward from reserves - Tevo 23.10.23&#x20;

#### **Discussion Points**&#x20;

Have a better overview of budget limitations avoid undoing decisions \
There are several async activities that ambassadors do but are not recognized&#x20;

#### **2) What needs to be done to get Q4 budget decided?**&#x20;

#### **Decision items**&#x20;

We should not use collected data as projections for each workgroup&#x20;

#### **Action Items**&#x20;

Each workgroup updates finalizes their workgroup budget - Workgroup leads 02.11.23&#x20;

#### **Discussion Points**&#x20;

Expect Workgroups to have some idea of budget projections&#x20;

#### **3) Treasury Dashboard**&#x20;

#### **Action Items**&#x20;

Add a reserve budget line to live dashboard - Andre 02.11.23 \
Include workgroup budget projections into dashboard - Tevo, Andre \
See what I could do to differentiate one off payments in Power BI - Tevo 02.11.23 \
Create extra columns to see workgroup average spending and range of spending - Tevo, Andre 02.11.23&#x20;

#### **Discussion Points**&#x20;

from our first experiment we most likely wont get any meaningful trends from data&#x20;

**Keywords**&#x20;

\[topics covered] Dashboard, Power BI, Miro Board, Ambassador Role, Budget Ambassador Program Q4 Budgets:&#x20;

\[sources] [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1\_39aE3tzcV7FuubRPDP3pMFWLY8o67dHxWYFKDSRYNU/edit#heading=h.ru81ay70gup](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1\_39aE3tzcV7FuubRPDP3pMFWLY8o67dHxWYFKDSRYNU/edit#heading=h.ru81ay70gup)  \
[https://treasuryguild.com/Singularity%20Net/Singularity%20Net%20Ambassador%20Wallet?tab=report](https://treasuryguild.com/Singularity%20Net/Singularity%20Net%20Ambassador%20Wallet?tab=report)&#x20;

\[how the meeting felt] In this session tensions were high, but we managed to stay constructive

***

### Incubation: AI Sandbox

### Deepfunding Town Hall

## Friday 20th October 2023

### Writers' Workgroup

No summary given

***

### Video Workgroup

No summary given



***

## Saturday 21st Oct 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Gamers' Guild</mark>

#### People present:

Slate \[host], \[documenter]; Malik \[host]; Rebel; Hufiumer69; Muhammad Ahmad; Jay-Flinx; Devon Hardy; Joe.

#### Meeting Narrative:

* Malik and Slate led the Gamers Guild meeting on 21/10/23. The atmosphere was cheerful, and it included an experimental trivia session.
* Malik began by announcing the game to be played, which was Land IO and also announced the trivia session. He provided background information about the game and explained its rules and ranking method.
* The game session consisted of three rounds of Land IO, each lasting 3 minutes. At the end of each round, a leaderboard was concluded, and points were awarded to the top 3 participants (1st place: 4 points, 2nd place: 3 points, 3rd place: 2 points).
* Slate guided everyone in playing the game, and the members were divided into private game sections to start playing.
* The winners of the three Land IO rounds were:
* 1st Round: Devon Hardy
* 2nd Round: Hufiumer69
* 3rd Round:  Hufiumer69

#### Keywords:

* Cheerful, Experimental, Trivia, Deepfunding, SingularityNET

#### Game Rules:

* Three rounds of Land IO, 3 minutes each.
* Points: 1st place (4 points), 2nd place (3 points), 3rd place (2 points).

#### Leaderboard:

* 1st Round: Devon Hardy
* 2nd Round: Hufiumer69
* 3rd Round: Deon Hardy

![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/ErtemzFKVQ-Xb3YhksicWk-N0zaleEkWXVi\_VOlyuWeSlanp4UMS8Tdjnp3Vl0aQNGar1CqRZC7Hol7XL-Y\_8yp8G6mK7NzTdlWVbSg61mPPnyOetgk900YJTy3fCqXt-fP\_9DMqPB6u1X11-2sQmxE)

#### Trivia Results:

* The trivia was an experimental addition to the meeting, with questions sourced from[ deepfunding.ai](http://deepfunding.ai). Participants were happy with its involvement.

![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/6KNVNvawZRR3BWlU5rFGVVBODJXICt2lo8cjsfvS\_r-R0Vhl59ceNh3eGWjRjqpSizAQfe\_MhrgbqCWiAAEvOu7KFc-lDze\_OitNa9Y4OqU4p2LA-L8d0fXFQ72Toj3f1L5Ps3heuFDn2zrF2ptpZPg)

#### Action Items:

**\[Action]** Share the leaderboard in the Gamers Guild Discord channel.\
**\[Action]** Update dework tasks.

#### Note:&#x20;

This meeting was an engaging and successful gathering of the Gamers Guild, which not only included gaming sessions but also an experimental trivia component focused on deepfunding in SingularityNET. The members expressed their satisfaction with this addition to the meeting.

***

\
