---
description: 23rd October to 29th October 2023
---

# Week 44

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=39607163&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 23rd October 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-89e767c7-7fff-bf41-650a-ba5c51f35685" id="docs-internal-guid-89e767c7-7fff-bf41-650a-ba5c51f35685"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Peter; Defreys; Waka; Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter]

#### Agenda:&#x20;

Length and construction of an educational video.

#### Summary:

Discussion continued on self-education for ambassadors and best way to construct a video/written /test course.\
Long discussion on chunking the videos. 30 second to 60 second intro with a 30 second outgo and about 5-7 minutes for the meat and potatoes for each spinoff. \
Long convo on what is a good length of educational vid. Headelf brought up his study and book on Senior Education learning. 5 minutes is the sweet spot with no longer than 10.\
Waka closed out the meeting with his comment on how we need to work our way to the basics.

#### Meeting length:

1 hour 20 minutes

#### Action items:

**\[Action]** Create a 30-second intro vid for Snet.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Knowledge Base Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

## Tuesday 24th October 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Governance WorkGroup</mark>

(Note: this summary covers both 17th and 24th Oct 2023)

#### People Present:&#x20;

Kenric, Peter, Rojo, Fly, Headelf, Felix \[documenter]

#### Purpose:&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on topics around Governance systems and processes at the SingularityNET Ambassadors program&#x20;

#### Summary:

In the Meetings on October 17th and October 24th, we discussed and ideated on a process to use the SNET Ambassadors Contribution and Treasury systems to define an onchain voting system based on a "one-person-one-vote" test vote on the Cardano Blockchain:&#x20;

More information at: Meeting Notes: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h\_KtaPZxV977x3Mxa7T4ta-ivcxXbgmOYetAT3seDw8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h\_KtaPZxV977x3Mxa7T4ta-ivcxXbgmOYetAT3seDw8/edit?usp=sharing)&#x20;

#### Detail

This process outlines a first PoC of one-person-one-vote decision making process within the SingularityNET Ambassadors program.

**How it actually works**

1\) Ambassador Program participants contribute\
2\) Contributions are tracked via Dework/GitHub tasks\
3\) Contribution tasks are uploaded into treasury system\
4\) Treasury system transforms participations into onchain data (Transactions)

This process allows us to “validate” individual contributors over an open-ended time frame and the longer an contributor engages, the stronger his identity gets. This finally introduces a process which is able to replace a KYC process, bootstrapping a new way of “Proof Of Livelihood” while in the meantime ensuring a high level of anonymity as the only identifiers used are a Discord handle and a Wallet Address on the Cardano Blockchain. As this process provides a verifiable list of contributors, each linked to one specific wallet, we have plenty of interesting opportunities to pilot decision making processes based on “one-person-one-vote” at a Blockchain protocol level.

To achieve the “one-person-one-vote”, we whitelist the program's contributors, generate a list of eligible wallets and send one voting token to each contributor. In this first pilot, we will use the [Voteaire Platform](https://voteaire.io/), which allows voting processes on the Cardano Blockchain.&#x20;

(There are multiple other platforms and solutions to run an on-chain voting process on the Cardano Blockchain; we use Voteaire due to its easy interface)

The Voting Ballot will allow only holders of the Voting token to cast their votes, through the policy id of the token.

#### Voting Eligibility parameters

At this first pilot, we defined some very simple parameters on how to “select” eligible voters. These soft parameters can be easily changed and adjusted in further initiatives.

**Individuals are eligible if:**\
&#x20;**-** Minimum 5hrs tracked contribution in the Program \
&#x20;\- Active for a minimum of 6 months in the Program

Token policy id - 3bbbc9facd9611c1f72521245c2ef3e72e6d580b11ad767a6584d045 (edited)\
Token fingerprint - asset1eg7jp22f7qtczjj2da9nk65g6f49qkqtll93ku\
Token Name: SNet test token\
Token Amount: 51

**What do we want to measure**\
Voting participation % ([51 Total eligible voters](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1h7nWb3\_yPbabxnQNUEkMSh7GeV2oRfi4RFShDwSOuj0/edit#gid=0))

#### Action Items:&#x20;

* Bootstrap the PoC as a initial test vote
* Define voting start and end dates
* Create Voting Guide material
* Set up voting ballot on Voteaire
* Announce voting at Ambassador Town Hall, 31st Oct
* Send voting test token to contributors.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Ambassador Town Hall</mark>

No summary given.



#### Video:

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/BtWsqQ2Gu6s?si=xI7r4ntp0AS0vH66" %}

***

### Incubation Think-Tank

No summary given

***

## Wednesday 25th October 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

#### **People present:**&#x20;

Tevo, Andre, Peter, Effiom&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764566683432922\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764566683432922\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Meeting Video Summary:**&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/L65sOO426gA" %}

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)&#x20;

#### **Agenda items:**

#### **1) Review Edited Lessons**&#x20;

**\[Decision]** The project Method Lesson is now good enough \
\[**Action]** Wallet Registration Lesson Method 1 to be updated - Sucren 08.11.23&#x20;

#### **2) Review new Draft lessons**&#x20;

**\[Decision]** Instead of Git pull request lessons we make it easier and use commits \
**\[Decision]** We drop the Swarm Treasury Integration Lesson. It does not serve a purpose in Dework PBL \
**\[Action]** Address session feedback into GitLab Commit Lesson - Andre 08.11.23&#x20;

#### **3) Other Lesson related topics**&#x20;

**\[Decision]** We unassigned Permission Lesson drafting from Peter. It's open for someone else to be drafted \
**\[Decision]** We create a Custom Task Management Features lesson \
**\[Decision]** We combine contributions lessons into one, where PBL feedback will also include new lesson suggestions \
**\[Action]** Draft Custom Task Management Features lesson - Tevo 08.11.23 \
**\[Action]** Draft Course Feedback lesson - Tevo 08.11.23 \
**Discussion Points** instead of integrating Swarm Treasury System, let's describe the configuration features Swarm Treasury System has configurations that address some Dework limitations&#x20;

#### **3) Action ideas for lessons**&#x20;

**\[Decision]** Specializing Lessons do not require action items and instead these are used as additional resources \
**\[Action]** Change the Background Knowledge Lessons order to match with student activity flow - Andre 08.11.23 \
**Discussion Points** We combine several onboarding lessons with a few activities to gather basic input from students \
Going through BBK lessons will guide the student through creating a task in their own space to reward themselves \
We will continue refining activities next session&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics:** Activities, students, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Git, Andamio \
**Sources:** Project Method Lesson - [https://andamio-andamiojs-starter-lms-git-governance-g-1b84f0-gimbalabs.vercel.app/course/module/301/3012](https://andamio-andamiojs-starter-lms-git-governance-g-1b84f0-gimbalabs.vercel.app/course/module/301/3012) Gitlab Commit Lesson - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wubKgjua2JOeEboDqjNbOUQJmjTlALeSiJbDC4LQgFE/edit#heading=h.pqdvjt7i0rpe](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wubKgjua2JOeEboDqjNbOUQJmjTlALeSiJbDC4LQgFE/edit#heading=h.pqdvjt7i0rpe) **Feelings:** This was an amazing lesson where we were able to go through a lot of new and improved content that we produced over the weeks.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation Guild</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Strategy Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Fly; MS Duncan; Freysdefi; Peter; Rojo; Slate; Tuso; Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter]

#### Agenda:&#x20;

Appeals mechanism in Snet aka Round Table.

#### Summary:

Rojo led off with the elephant in the room - Round Table is tricky. Perhaps we need to solve the Roles and Levels issue and actually ID the Ambassadors.\
A long convo ensued about roles, levels and how many attempts had started but had stalled.\
Fly brought up other parts of the ecosystem and a suggestion was made to bring the Roles and Levels discussion to the Think Tank.\
Headelf pivoted the convo for the need of an appeals or elder council to provide structure when and where needed on an as if basis. He suggested that the Roles and Levels would be worked out as we as a community help construct what a Round Table should be and what its existence would look like. \
We as a team started constructing a Round Table document. Duncan suggested there be no biases. Someone suggested we start by identifying what the problems are that we want the Round Table to solve. Headelf included portions of a doc that had started with the Code of Conduct and the Conflict Resolution.\
As a team we put together a very rough document of ideas, problems and concepts. A schedule was included for writing, editing and bringing it to the greater community.\
It was decided due its raw state to hold this initial doc to just the Strategy Guild, though anyone could edit. The plan was to smooth it out at the following meeting and then bring it out to the community.

#### Meeting length

2 hours

#### Decisions

**\[Decision]** Keep initial Round Table doc to just the Strategy Guild, though anyone can edit.\
**\[Decision]** Smooth it out at the following meeting and then bring it out to the community.

#### Action items:&#x20;

**\[Action]** Continue commentary on the Round Table google doc.

***

## Thursday 26th October 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### People present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-87bd4576-7fff-ec7b-fa54-b42d22fcf9b7" id="docs-internal-guid-87bd4576-7fff-ec7b-fa54-b42d22fcf9b7"></a>

Peter \[host], Sucre n Spice \[co-host ], Love \[documenter], Vani , Kevin, Mayor, Nwobi.

#### In this meeting we discussed:

&#x20;\- A summary of what was discussed from the previous onboarding meeting.\
&#x20;\- The 7th September recording from a video WG member.\
&#x20;\- Turning the “getting started doc” into a Twitter thread.\
&#x20;\- The “welcome video” to the SNET ambassador program.\
&#x20;\- Approach to putting tasks on Dework\
&#x20;\- The requirement for one to join the onboarding group and contribute to a document in a meeting.&#x20;

#### Decisions:

**\[Decision]** New members that attend up to  3 meetings in a month or 5 meetings in a quarter can  be given the onboarding team member tag/role. This role does not come with monetary benefits but would be able to directly apply for tasks in Dework. \
**\[Decision]** ask LilyCupcake if she's up for making more of a “timeless” intro/welcome  video for the ambassador program.

#### Action items:&#x20;

**\[Action]** Video WG should be able to get the 7th Sept. Recording and clips done by Monday- Sucre n Spice\
**\[Action]** Draft a list of what info a WG needs to give to the Video WG when commissioning them to make a video : Vani to create then share with Rojo

#### Learning points:

&#x20;\- We need to tell video WG what kind of clips we need, and be more specific(i.e.minutes, style, etc).\
&#x20;\- We should give tasks according to the person’s role in Discord to curb low-quality cont

#### To carry over for next meeting:&#x20;

**Continuous onboarding:** Based on  [Onboarding WG - how can we support other WGs to onboard new people in their meetings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing) - what actions do we want to take to support onboarding across other WGs? Discuss the ideas, and try to come up with a plan.

#### Keywords:

**Topics covered:** Onboarding WG, Workgroup, Contributions, Welcome video, getting started\
**Sources:** [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L5PxehxHFgxWZTdIFlrtoljjmAhofJO8OOQyXmjaSOg/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L5PxehxHFgxWZTdIFlrtoljjmAhofJO8OOQyXmjaSOg/edit?usp=sharing)\
, [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XpWj0TP329Yfs\_yt2tiCs8kjoYFAhy09/view?usp=drive\_link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XpWj0TP329Yfs\_yt2tiCs8kjoYFAhy09/view?usp=drive\_link)\
**How the meeting felt:** Cooperative, peaceful, funny, contributive&#x20;

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

Not this week

***

### Incubation: AI Sandbox

No summary given

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Deepfunding Town Hall</mark>

Not this week

***

## Friday 27th October 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Session for the Guild Formerly Known as Marketing Guild</mark>

#### 1) Improve Internal Marketing:&#x20;

**Problem:** \
Not too many people watch/attend TH meetings/lots of info gets lost there, our existing community needs more reminders on multiple platforms at the same time of what is going on in the ecosystem.&#x20;

Writer’s and Video WG are currently too disconnected (as well as other workgroups)&#x20;

**Proposed Solution:** \
Promote initiatives across all platforms to get our existing community to engage more/achieve more cohesive messaging internally

Strengthening our existing ecosystem,structures, processes + communication between workgroups by putting less time /energy on efforts to onboard lots of new members and more effort into improving what we already have →will put us in a better place of onboarding later down the line

More communication + collaboration between workgroups: Hold joint meetings every now and then to align on upcoming marketing efforts

#### 2) Cross-Collaboration with SNET Projects:

**Problem:**\
Other SNET projects are aware of Ambassador’s Program but unaware of what exactly we do /how much amazing talent we have available to help them with their needs

We’re not not set up for a lot of scaling/onboarding new members as we don't have enough work for contributors(16 Video WG members, 11 Writer’s WG)  We need more work.

Which other projects can we create for? \
How can we offer our services? \
How much should we charge?

**Proposed Solution:** \
Establish coordinator team (with dedicated roles) that will coordinate between SNET Spin-Off Projects and SNET Ambassadors Workgroups&#x20;

Rather than having another Guild/Workgroup that meets/ideates we could have a Coordinator team of 2-3 people that focuses on active outreach/communication between other projects and Ambassadors workgroups

Should be very results-based: Identify needs of the other projects and which tasks we can help them with, then give tasks to our workgroups (Eg. Marketing tasks for Deepfunding) -> leads to better problems solving when we collaborate

Increase Marketing Guild Budget from 1000 AGIX to 3000 AGIX to fund this effort (Will need a vote)

Charging other projects for our services could be done at a flat rate or figuring out individual quotes. Workgroups could determine price individually

Will need further discussion + testing

#### 3) Improve Onboarding Process:

**Problem:**\
While we don't overly want to focus on onboarding new members we do have onboarding infrastructure in place, however it needs improving

Currently:  Getting started channel explains the onboarding process -> its for people that are already interested in joining

We don’t have a document that we can send out to high level people/ institutions (eg. university) that explains what we do and why they should care to join us

**Solution:**

A one-pager explaining what we do and the benefits of joining

There has been proposals in DeepFunding Round 2 or 3 that aimed at establishing a great onboarding experience, we might want to use what they have created/ get in touch with them to improve our onboarding process (Open Source code)

**Side Notes:**&#x20;

While we are at capacity for the Writer’s and Video Workgroup we need System Designers + contributors to Process Guild.\
Next Video Workgroup Session will be a workshop on how to set up videos for increased reach / Algorithm hacks

Next session: Friday Nov 3rd&#x20;

***

### Writers' Workgroup

Meeting cancelled.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Video Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Rojo \[facilitator], Agus, Judith, Peter, TUSO, Lilycupcake, St Andrew, Lord Kizzy.&#x20;

#### In this meeting we:

* Got updates about the recurrent weekly tasks.
* Got updates from the social media manager.
* Discussed challenges in tasks for new members.
* Planned a workshop on the psychology of social media for next week.
* Discussed strategies to amplify social media growth and impact.

#### Decisions:

\[decision] Accepted a new member into the workgroup through a majority vote by the members.

#### Action items:

\[action] Make weekly tasks for editing the Town Hall recording and its summary video.\
\[action] Workshop on the psychology of social media for next week.



***
