---
description: Mon 5th May - Sun 11th May 2025
---

# Week 19

## Tuesday 6th May 2025


### Treasury Automation WG

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], André [**documenter**], Tevo, Effiom, André
- **Purpose:** We develop the Treasury System
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKympo8o=/?moveToWidget=3458764625502785534&cot=10)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Project Board OLD](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Project Board NEW](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/22/views/1)

#### Agenda item 1 - Development Updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Treasury management updates for April and May 2025 - [5min YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/NtpXbhVBf0s)
- Tevo presented and recorded the new [GitHub integration Video](https://youtu.be/ReVo9dSofVo)
- We spoke about other potential updates to the treasury system

#### Decision Items:
- From May, we will record all tasks in GitHub
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Treasury and Process Guild related Dework Boards are all Archived
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update the Summary table naming convention to be clearer in the Treasury Dashboard [**assignee**] André [**due**] 21 May 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Finish API integration to create recognitions in the Swarm Treasury Database. [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Improve Zoom session import to allow importing multiple sessions at once [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Workgroup Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We reviewed draft [Q2 Progress Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NhMDPYy7po2c_qtQk6VOpLHczEHOW1pCbwylVOze3fM)
- We drafted [Q3 Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ulvYJ4379vx-h978oFqjhoq4oaLGkfKT3pxCL-RiOcw)
- We drafted [Q3 Treasury Automation WG Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x1g2G1ShR3yCh7R2tYGJuTZ4ovDXUsKyOYzMFeZhuso)
- We looked at potential work for Q3

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to finalise Docs in our next meeting.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The next meeting will be on 10th June 2025
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Andre will draft the meeting summary and upload it to the summary tool. [**assignee**] André [**status**] done
- [**action**] Tevo will review and publish the Meeting Summary on Discord [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] done
- [**action**] Effiom will continue updating the Q2 Report by addressing comments and adding relevant insights or decisions from the past two meeting summaries [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Tool Development, Q3 proposal, Q2 report, GitHub API, Treasury Management System, Testing



### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, guillermolucero, Jeffrey Ndarake, LadyTempestt, AshleyDawn, Effiom, advanceameyaw, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** Regular Weekly GovWG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [LOW BUDGET BRAINSTORM 110325](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVISH_ACg=/)

#### Narrative:
LOWER REWARDS PER HOUR / TASK.
In our recent conversation, there was a shared concern about how rewards are being handled with the current low token price. Love brought up that it’s unclear what the suggestion to adjust rewards is really trying to fix. She pointed out that workgroups are already informally lowering rewards—people are getting paid less without it being openly acknowledged. She felt this wasn’t ideal or fair, and questioned the need to formalize something that’s already happening quietly. Vani agreed and added that adjusting rewards just to keep up the same pace of work feels misleading. If the token value drops, that should naturally impact how much we can take on. Otherwise, it creates a false impression that nothing’s changed. She also mentioned that some groups are setting fixed AGIX amounts per task instead of pegging them to USD, which automatically lowers the payout if the price drops—but that has its own downsides. Love gave a personal example of when she got paid in AGIX after a price crash. Even though she put in hours of work, her payout was far lower than usual—just $23 instead of the usual $80. She said it felt unfair and demotivating, and she had to speak up about it to the workgroup lead.
Overall, we felt that the current approach doesn’t reflect the true value of contributors' time and effort, especially during downturns, and there’s a need for a more transparent and sustainable system.

WORKGROUP COMPENSATION AND QUALITY.

Our discussions focused on whether reducing rewards would address core issues like performance or quality. Guillermo emphasized the need to prioritize work and integrate strategy rather than simply cutting compensation. Peter also highlighted the ongoing tension between fair pay and budget limits, noting the shift from passion-driven to financially-driven work. Vani warned that lower pay often leads to lower quality, particularly in demanding tasks like documentation, and agreed on prioritization over broad cost-cutting. We recognized that while the ambassador program promotes a unique view of compensation, economic realities persist. A key unresolved question remains: Should workgroups have full autonomy over rewards, or should there be standardized limits?


AMBASSADOR PROGRAM BUDGET AND WORKGROUP AUTONOMY.

We had a casual but thoughtful conversation about how much freedom workgroups really have—especially around things like setting pay. Peter kicked things off, wondering aloud if there's actually a clear limit to what a workgroup can decide. He pointed out that while things seem flexible, there's also this unspoken line that no one’s quite sure about.
Vani agreed and said it kind of feels like anyone can suggest anything, and if no one objects during the consent process, it just goes ahead. There's no strict rulebook, but it’s working—more or less. Peter added that who’s actually involved in that process makes a big difference too. If everyone in a group agrees, they can push things through pretty easily.
We also talked about budget caps being a safety net—so even if someone wanted to pay a lot for something like facilitation, they’re still limited by how much they have to spend. Love brought it back to values, questioning whether spending a lot on something like that is really the best use of funds. Vani asked about the background of the Ambassador Programme and why they didn’t go with market rates. Peter explained it was mostly because of budget constraints—token prices were low, and they had limited funds to begin with.
Wrapping up, We circled back to workgroup autonomy, saying it still feels like the heart of the issue. Vani added that sure, people can do what they want—but that doesn’t always mean it’s the best approach. There’s a sense that some choices, while technically allowed, might still raise questions or push boundaries.

SCALING AND BUDGET MANAGEMENT.
Guillermo kicked things off by emphasizing that while scaling is important, it’s not a magic solution. Just scaling up or down without a clear strategy can leave us in the same spot. He asked a key question—what are we really trying to achieve with scaling? He pointed out that this also ties into autonomy: for example, if a workgroup wants to pay $100 for facilitation, that decision depends on how autonomous they are. His concern was less about cost-cutting and more about ensuring there's space for open discussion and decision-making within teams. He also reflected on how, even with past budget discussions, we keep circling back to the same core issue—demographics—and the need to adapt our approach based on the context people are working in, including macroeconomic conditions. He noted that while we initially budgeted $0.30, we’ve managed to survive the past few months on less than $0.20, thanks to suggestions from others. This sparked the idea that the data from this quarter could give us real insight into how to move forward effectively.
Peter jumped in to add that most of the easy cost-saving measures have already been implemented—less frequent meetings, cuts in documentation and facilitation, and trimmed-down deliverables. It’s not just about doing less; it’s about doing smarter.
Guillermo wrapped up by pointing out that for his team, the focus has shifted. It’s no longer just about building things—it’s about whether people are actually using what they build. The tighter budget has forced them to think more critically and process more data before taking action, which could be seen as a positive shift. He suggested it would be useful to gather feedback from all workgroup leads soon to understand the real outcomes of these changes and help guide the next steps.

WORKGROUP MEETING FREQUENCY AND ASYNC MANAGEMENT.
Vani raised the idea of evaluating how switching workgroups to monthly meetings as a cost-saving measure has impacted everyone. She feels it’s generally worked well, but thinks there needs to be better support for asynchronous (async) work—like clearer systems, better use of tools like Discord, and maybe specific roles to help facilitate it. To understand the full picture, she suggests asking each workgroup to include in their quarterly reports how the change has affected them—what worked, what didn’t, and what they’ve learned.
We all agreed with the idea, stating that it’s important to get that feedback, especially since we’ve put effort into setting up structures for async work.
Vani points out that the AI Ethics group was one of the first to shift to monthly meetings and remembers initially being skeptical. She was worried that it would make it harder for new members to get involved. Love, who helps support async work in that group, says that while there were concerns at first, new people are still getting involved. They find tasks through meetings or Discord, and she follows up to make sure the work gets done. But she emphasizes that having someone in a support role like hers is key to making async work successful.
Peter then asks whether they should bring this idea to the next Workgroup Sync Call or just go ahead and ask for it in the quarterly reports.
Vani suggests floating the idea in the sync call first to see how people feel about it. If it gets pushback, they can figure out a different approach. The Workgroup Sync call was then scheduled for Nextweek Monday - 15:00 UTC. 


DISCUSSION ON COMMUNITY WEBSITE AND UPCOMING AGENDA ITEMS.
Peter brought up the idea of discussing community websites, mentioning an initiative from SingularityNET to create a central entry point for Deep Funding Ambassadors and BGI. This could involve integrating native blog posts, possibly through Substack or WordPress. He suggested this topic be included on the agenda. Guillermo also added that the R&D proposal voting results will be announced today, and they plan to spotlight the winners—either by having them join live or reading short summaries if they can’t make it.
We all agreed to continue this discussion during the Thursday governance meeting, which will also cover how to give feedback to workgroups when perceived quality is low. Advance chimed in, seeking clarification about the website discussion. Peter explained the goal is to have a unified site that directs people to various parts of the Ambassador Program, BGI efforts, and related developer initiatives—essentially a central hub with shared resources like calendars and event info. 



#### Discussion Points:
- LOWER REWARDS PER HOUR / TASK.
- WORKGROUP COMPENSATION AND QUALITY.
- AMBASSADOR PROGRAM BUDGET AND WORKGROUP AUTONOMY 
- SCALING AND BUDGET MANAGEMENT.
- WORKGROUP MEETING FREQUENCY AND ASYNC MANAGEMENT 
- DISCUSSION ON COMMUNITY WEBSITE AND UPCOMING AGENDA ITEMS.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] We will ask each workgroup to collect data on how the shift to monthly meetings has impacted them and include this information in their quarterly reports. [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Peter to discuss the community website initiative during the Townhall meeting.  [**assignee**] PeterE [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget fitting, DeepFunding, BGI, AGIX rate, Q2 2025 budget, Workgroup Autonomy, Budget caps
- **emotions:**  informative, Discursive, Brainstorm,  Collaborative


## Wednesday 7th May 2025

### Archives Workgroup

Meeting was cancelled
## Thursday 8th May 2025


### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Clement Umoh [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, advanceameyaw, UKnowZork, CJFrankie, Duke, Jeffrey Ndarake
- **Purpose:** Bi-weekly meeting of the African guild 
#### Narrative:
Intro: The call opened with Clement suggesting a shift from bi-weekly to monthly meetings, citing the current low token price and our budget limitations. He proposed that the idea be discussed further with the Focus Group before making a final decision.
CJFrankie supported the idea, suggesting that we hold meetings on the first Thursday of every month to help cut down on costs, especially given the unfavorable token rates. However, Advance expressed concerns about this change, emphasizing that bi-weekly meetings help maintain momentum and keep the workgroup effective. While he acknowledged that monthly meetings might ease the budget strain, he felt we should stick to the bi-weekly schedule if it's still feasible. 


Highlights / Upcoming events
Clement shared details about the upcoming Afro AI Multilingual Workshop in Nigeria, organized through the Education Initiative. This is the second phase of the workshop, and this time, the content will be translated into Hausa. Clement believes this approach will not only make the material more accessible but also encourage more people to learn the language. The workshop will spotlight African innovators and incorporate storytelling to foster deeper local engagement.
Advance asked concerning communication around brand guidelines for flyer design and marketing support for post scheduling. If needed, the marketing team will assist with flyer design upon Clement’s request, but he added that he will first check with Kizzy for clarity.


AOB: Advance asked about the next steps for the Research on Indigenous AI tools for Africans. Clement explained that while there were plans to continue, the Guild has put things on hold for now because of the current AGIX token price. They’re hoping to pick it back up once the price improves.


The meeting wrapped up with Clement promising to share the storyline documents used in the Afro AI Multilingual Workshop via the Discord channel.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] All members should come up with ideas on how to keep the guild moving - 16th of May
 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Multilingual, Q2 budget, Marketing Guild, Education initiative
- **emotions:**  insightful, welcoming, progressive, relaxed, collaborative

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], LordKizzy, Gorga, CollyPride, Jeffrey Ndarake, Santos, UKnowZork, Kateri, Grandi, Martin Soki, advanceameyaw, osmium
- **Purpose:**  AI Sandbox (General Discussion)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [ AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK #27    ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18f5khsU-DxTTAZhz9ORwrN0IFzjt0djr_COpKhgXGTI/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Mirror Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVI7Abr18=/?share_link_id=24280639227)
  - [ Blueprint for AI Sandbox/ Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [NuNet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cJnfweMp_TFWH_xjKYlve6ling0-hKzznFikDWfMdaw/viewform?edit_requested=true)
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINKTANK](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pgAs8NPzSgSFSjrm0y461KGAKutKIJpC25J5lNrh0ZQ/edit?gid=1681070206#gid=1681070206)
  - [THINK PIECES/ FEEDBACK FORM](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeaHNdmWPc29G0x4Ojy43wULUfRgYiSTfWnFtr8lVoObk_mjQ/viewform?usp=dialog)
  - [ AI Sanbox Toolset Exhibition Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16HJ7wHrEQsiN5t0zrOeX4b-c0JD-BU3SMfvJnaN0LFA/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.bn2xrlmjpxj4)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Coordination Meeting and Introductions: The meeting started with a short conversation and greeting. While waiting on the agenda, Kizzy highlighted how we can push out the previous tools we have presented over the previous quarters in order not to forgo some of their real use cases for the Ambassador program.

-  Ideation Upon The Ambassador’s Program New Site: Osmium shared that a website for the ambassador program was being designed but progress paused. According to him, from the organization’s side, something similar is being built by external developers. He also suggested that we should be able to control our content, posts, and visibility and mentioned holding workshops to plan and share some ideas. Kizzy mentioned his concern he raised during Tuesday’s townhall about integrating some of the existing tools and resources like the skills database, knowledge base, and the education guild site
- Discussion on AI Sandbox Toolset Exhibition Report: We continued on a discussion regarding the various toolsets we have presented and the ones we could possibly adopt. While there was no conclusion on settling on one, Kizzy mentioned some of the tools like HeyGen AI being used by the education guild while he shared the report for us to bring our suggestions. He emphasized the need for clear use cases to justify adopting new tools like Google LM Notetaker over existing ones like Read AI rather than just creating report.
Osmium added the use of Zapier for marketing campaigns and sending emails. Advance gave a broader look of Airtable AI and how it can serve as a centralised work management space that can track activities and as well integrate some “traditional” tools and even Zapier. He added that it would not be an easy transition, assuming we adopt it.
The discussion later continued with Podcastle being suggested as a tool instead of Riverside, which has been adopted by marketing to help with their podcast, as mentioned by Gorga, with settling on how to deal with watermark issues



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Advance to outline the features he mentioned on the Airtable AI tool [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 15 May 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ambassador Program Site, WG/GuildsToolset, ideation, toolset exhibition
- **emotions:** informative, welcoming, interactive, educative
- **other:** Colly made an announcement about the AI Ethics discussion meeting regarding AI Emotions: The Ethics of ASI Experiencing Emotion for Human Value Alignment, May 19th at 14:00 UTC on Zoom