---
description: Mon 26th May - Sun 1st Jun 2025
---

# Week 22

## Monday 26th May 2025

### Strategy Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Ayo, UKnowZork, Clement Umoh, Kateri, Jeffrey Ndarake
- **Purpose:** The monthly meeting of the Strategy Guild featuring discussions around budget, updates, and looking ahead!
- **Working Docs:**
  - [SingularityNET AI Marketplace Knowledge & Engagement Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSea1U_MsXS1La3B8y1HXHaINpTh5D1ri0SeuPA_qvX0hSZNRg/viewform?usp=dialog)
  - [Strategy Guild May 26th Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M867Ahe7j6EiETlb6hL-5jDK-iv793cw08SXln751rs/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Q2 WG Budget Minimums](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17a0CssxFOtK_Pd4Q-wMtBfMGJfVVtJlwjCTbbFmUBCE/edit?gid=0#gid=0)

#### Narrative:
Intro: The call opened with Ayo asking UknowZork how she’s been coping, especially since many of the guild meetings have now shifted to a Bi-weekly schedule. He also asked if she’s been getting or taking up tasks.
UknowZork shared that she’s been able to pick up small documentation tasks and is hopeful for more opportunities. Ayo encouraged her, noting that consistent participation and attending calls is the best approach. He asked if UknowZork attends AI Sandbox calls, as they’re a great space for learning and growth.
Ayo mentioned that the meeting would proceed as planned, though it might be shorter due to fewer attendees. He asked everyone to wait a couple of minutes while he prepared the updates. There was a light moment when Ayo joked about mixing up who’s based where, sharing how he recently visited Uyo and Calabar but wasn’t sure who from the team lived there.
Finally, Ayo said he would share the agenda on screen and suggested using the last meeting’s agenda summary as a base since no new notes had been posted yet.

Q2 Updates / Workshop / approach / Research & May TownHall Presentation
Ayo shared details about the survey form and shared that since there’s not much feedback, the team had decided to change their strategy. Instead of trying to get input during the guild meetings or workshops, like they had originally planned, they’re now shifting to a more direct approach. The plan is to reach out to people individually with specific questions, gather their responses, analyze the data, and then send back the results. He explained that the challenge right now is figuring out exactly who to contact in each guild. For example, in the African Guild, they need to identify three reliable members—people who still show up consistently for calls, even with the token price drop. This way, they can be sure they’ll get the responses they need.

Ayo also gave an update on the Q2 research, noting that it’s a continuation of the Q1 work. The Guild is partnering with Deep Funding and have already compiled a list of documents that he had previously shared with Deep Funding. The main challenge has been figuring out which guild circles to focus on. At first, it seemed like the research was for the IT circle, then it looked like the Review circle, then Data Analytics, and finally Operations. Since Ayo wasn’t able to attend the April meeting, he mentioned it might be a good idea to attend the May one for more clarity. He also pointed out that for the Q3 budget, it’s already known that the token price has dropped, and there will be cuts to the budget for each workgroup or guild. For instance, Strategy Guild is now set to receive $861, which is adjusted to 2,868 AGIX tokens at the current rate of $0.3 per AGIX. So, the budgets are definitely tighter. He expressed some uncertainty about the research project—whether it’s happening at all. With the end of May approaching and only a few weeks left in the quarter, time is running out. Clement added his thoughts, saying that this was the original vision—getting people who are active in the whole AI market space so they could collect more expansive data for fresh perspectives on the analysis. He also took a moment to appreciate the effort of the research team.

AOB: Jeffery asked about  the next steps for the research, reminding Ayo that he had mentioned including him as part of the research team, but he hadn’t heard anything since. Ayo apologized for the communication gap, admitting he hadn’t been very active on Discord lately and hadn’t seen any clear details about including him as part of the research team. After reviewing past conversations, he didn’t find much concrete information and suggested there might have been a misunderstanding or missing context. In a lighthearted moment, Ayo even joked that if he had said Jeffery was on the research team, he must have been “really drunk,” as Jeffery isn’t a core member of the Guild.

To smooth things over, Ayo reassured him that he would double-check the meeting details and do a follow up with him. Kateri also mentioned she had some pending messages that hadn’t been addressed yet. Ayo apologized again and promised to get back to her after the call.

The meeting wrapped up with Ayo encouraging both Kateri and Jeffery to reach out so they could clarify things and move forward together.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ayo will reach out to Jeffery to provide context for the previous research discussion. [**assignee**] Ayo [**due**] 26 May 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget, Q1 research, SingularityNET AI Marketplace, Research, Onboarding, Task, African guild, Q2 updates, Ecosystem
- **emotions:** Insightful, welcoming, progressive, relaxed, collaborative, Resourceful


## Tuesday 27th May 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Maxmilez [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Maxmilez, UKnowZork, PeterE, Kevin, AshleyDawn, Duresameen Ashraf, Effiom, guillermolucero, advanceameyaw, Jeffrey Ndarake, Sucre n Spice, Tevo, hogantuso, Vasu Madaan
- **Purpose:** Regular Weekly GovWG meeting
#### Narrative:
We had an in-depth conversation about how abstentions are handled in votes, the true purpose of the consent process, and some of the challenges we’ve been facing with engagement and budgeting.
Peter pointed out that we can’t fully tackle the root issues unless we understand why someone abstains. Often, it’s not because they disagree but simply because they don’t have the time to review. He suggested we rethink what abstaining means—maybe we ask folks to object only when they see potential harm, and if they don’t have the time to review, they just abstain without needing to explain much.
Vani and Kevin explored the idea of limiting abstentions—maybe allowing it only in certain cases, like for specific workgroups or a short time window. Kevin, who isn’t a regular at every meeting, said he abstains when he doesn’t fully understand a proposal and would find it helpful if we had clear, simple summaries before votes. Tuso added that abstaining can sometimes act as a “soft no,” a way for people to avoid blocking a proposal without outright objecting.
Tuso, Kelvin, and Duresameen agreed that the reason for abstention should be stated to avoid confusion and disengagement. Tuso also warned that if we don’t address these issues, we risk losing more engagement over time. Kevin asked for clarity—are abstentions a sign of disengagement, or do they actually block proposals? Vani reminded everyone that consent isn’t about traditional voting; if someone doesn’t object, they’re effectively consenting, so abstentions without clear reasons can muddy the process.

We reflected on whether abstentions should be anonymous. Some felt that removing anonymity might make people hesitant to object, while others believed transparency could lead to more open dialogue. There was general agreement that many abstain simply due to time constraints or not fully understanding a proposal—not necessarily because they disagree.
Tevo suggested we introduce a checklist for abstainers to indicate why they’re sitting out—lack of time, uncertainty, or something else. Maxmilez thought tracking these reasons over time could reveal patterns and help improve the process in the long run.
We also discussed broader issues, like how engagement has dropped, possibly due to lower budgets and a tough market. Some noted that while the consent process is meant to help us govern better, it’s sometimes creating bottlenecks. There’s also frustration that decision-making can feel inconsistent when people aren’t sure what’s being voted on. Tuso and others emphasized that unless we address these governance challenges, we risk stagnating as a community.

Kevin called for a focused effort to tackle these long-standing issues—especially around governance and budgeting. He suggested a dedicated workshop to finalize a model that works, while Vani Vani noted that getting our processes finalized/set in stone isn't what we are aiming for, and is arguably anti-decentralisation. Governance processes should remain livid and fluid, and we should rethink them each quarter based on retrospectives and discussions this way, new people and ideas can always influence what goes on, and it doesn't all get decentralized. Tuso and others emphasized that unless we address these governance challenges, we risk stagnating as a community. He emphasized that getting the abstention process right is key to improving engagement and decision-making.

In the course of the meeting we discussed specific options for the abstain feature in the consent process:
-Remove abstain entirely,
-Keep it, but add a dropdown to explain reasons, 
- Or keep it as is, but improve documentation.

There was mixed feedback on whether a simple majority voting system might work better, but most were cautious about moving away from the consent model. One suggestion was to introduce a threshold—if more than 50% abstain, the topic should go back for more discussion.

On the topic of voting anonymity, opinions were split. Some supported transparency, while others thought anonymity helps newer members feel safe speaking up. A recent poll showed the group evenly divided, so this topic will need more conversation.

Budget tracking also came up—people noted that while the budget has been reduced, it’s not always clear how the money is being spent. Clearer ownership and task assignments for budget items were flagged as a priority. We agreed to review the budget cap form results on Thursday and aim for final decisions by Monday. A summary of this discussion will be shared at tonight’s Town Hall to get broader community input. Further conversations around abstentions and voting anonymity will continue in upcoming meetings, possibly with async discussions or polls.

The meeting wrapped up with an encouragement to join the Town Hall to stay informed and engaged in the conversation.


#### Discussion Points:
- Discussion on how abstentions are handled in votes, the true purpose of the consent process, and some of the challenges we’ve been facing with engagement and budgeting.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani will draft a consent form for the Q3 budget consent process based on the discussions from today’s meeting. She’ll share it in the governance channel for feedback and input—especially from those who couldn’t attend today's meeting. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 27 May 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Vani to set up an emoji poll in the Governance channel on the question of anonymity. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 27 June 2025 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Consent Process, Budget, Vote, Anonymity, Abstentions, Governance Channel, Workgroup, Quarter, Ambassador program, Decision, Townhall, DeepFunding, Q3 2025
- **emotions:** Discursive, Brainstorm, Ideating, Thoughtful,  forward-looking, engaging


## Wednesday 28th May 2025

### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Slate, UKnowZork, esewilliams, Gorga Siagian, osmium, Kateri, LordKizzy, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** Q3 Budget Request Disscussion - CCCP Discussion 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Budget Request for Q3 2025](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10G6MwphhTYYCUBHa32spzYHHjUgFK9N85n1AJOmM0Xk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started with Slate welcoming everybody
- Then the topic shifted to the Q3 Budget discussion, Slated noted that if we take the current token price rate now we'd be having $1200 as our budget and we still have allocations to some backlogs like Governance framework project - $1300 and an extra of $220 from Q3, Presentation (Kinechi) $70, Call and administration task $360 and Certification Program $1360.
- Then the discussions started in regards to Certification Program project. Slate noted that we are looking for a platform to showcase the certification Program & we allocated $222 to it.
- Then the discussion in regards to how to allocate funds for CCCP started in which funding is required for the Assesor role. Slate also stated that in Q3 we're taking 5 projects for the certification Program.
- We also had a discussion on Deepfunding review role. Slate proposed to have it done in the guild. He noted that this could give credibility to a person and this could also increase one's reputation score in the guild.
- More discussions will be done based on the feedback received and continuing it in the next call

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Work on the deepfunding review role [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 28 May 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** DeepFunding, Q3,  Budget Allocation, Certification program
- **emotions:**  forward-looking,  insightful, Ideating