---
description: Mon 2nd Jun - Sun 8th Jun 2025
---

# Week 23

## Monday 2nd June 2025

### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, UKnowZork, Jeffrey Ndarake, PeterE, Grandison, TheFreysDeFi, AshleyDawn, osmium, Peegee, CollyPride, Sucre n Spice, Clement Umoh
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the AI Ethics workgroup
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI Ethics GitHub Board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2)
  - [Ai Ethics WG Stuff!](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG Q3 2025 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19JPcJTBLct0xeGhVnxNEnsaoXqkE9SKMjWnwAqZ7GRI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG Q2 2025 report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YszqSu73ZnppOQEJdePyOye_A-xGP87sM5CQx65q_Bk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
As usual, we worked from the GitHub board, starting with "In Progress", and then to "To Do".

MEETING SUMMARIES
We noted that meeting summaries - and tasks in this WG in general - need to be completed a bit quicker than is currently happening. Meeting summary tasks need to be done in future within a week of the date of the meeting, not several months after.

TRANSCRIPTION
Most of the "in progress" Issues on the board are transcription tasks, and were assigned in Q1.
However, due to the big token price drop during Q1, we note that we were unable to afford under the Q1 budget all of the transcriptions we budgeted for in Q1. In the end, we did 5 out of the planned 15. So the outstanding ones, we have officially transferred to the Q2 budget. In Q2 we budgeted to do 11 transcriptions: 4 are done and waiting to be paid, and we agreed on a final deadline of the end of June for the other 7; but ideally, people should try to complete a little sooner, so we have time to a) check the transcripts and b) process payments by the end of the Quarter (last payment processing day this Quarter is Thurs 27th).

Q2 PAYMENTS
We noted that some of the Q2 tasks - including quarterly-paid ones, such as admin tasks - have been paid or part-paid in advance now that token price is above $0.30, just in case price falls again by the end of the Quarter.

CO-CHAIR REPORT
Vani gave an update on how work is going.
Underlined that the core priority for the WG in future is collecting further research data - so interviewing will be a key element of the Q3 budget.

SURVEY-SHARING
Survey-sharing was a paid task in Q4 2024, but should it be in future? or should people just share it if they like, withut needing to evidence it and withut being paid? Too be discussed in a future meeting, perhaps with the aim of including it in Q4 2025 budget

AI AND EMOTION DISCUSSION
We noted that this discussin session, organised by Colleen as community engagement manager, took place on 19th May, and the recording is on Youtube here https://youtu.be/9QA1U40VPEg?si=_n1gIkTXFuxTK1M-

Q3 2025 BUDGET
Peter pointed out that the balance between admin/overhead tasks and actual outputs (interviews, transcripts) should be more towards outputs, especially given that we have said that further interviewing is a priority for the WG next quarter. Vani agreed that the admin team are already thinking this, and that at times of lower AGIX price when there is less "output" work going on, there is alsoo less admin/overhead work to do; so the admin team will make adjustments to the budget before it's submitted. 

INTERVIEWING IN Q3
We noted that there will be budget for some interviewing during Q3, so anyone interested should start to think now  about who they would like to interview.
Also, if someone new is interested in trying interviewing, Vani will be prepared to offer a bit of training, and we will have updated training materials available.


#### Decision Items:
- We agreed that as of now, documentation tasks need to be done within 1 week of the date of the meeting
  - [**rationale**] because we're typically waiting too long for summaries to be finished
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Outstanding transcription tasks to be either completed, or an update given to say they will not be done, by the end of the Quarter (end of June) - or ideally a little sooner, to allow time to process payment or to reassign if necessary. [**assignee**] Ayo, Clement Umoh, CollyPride, Peegee, kenichi [**due**] 25 June 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Admin team to tweak the Q3 budget, to shift the balance more towards outputs rather then admin /overhead tasks [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron, LadyTempestt, Sucre n Spice [**due**] 9 June 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q3 2025 budget, interviewing, transcription, task completion times, Documentation, AI and emotion, token price
- **emotions:** quick, well-attended, Only a few of those present spoke, Organised, practical


## Tuesday 3rd June 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], UKnowZork, AshleyDawn, Kateri, CallyFromAuron, guillermolucero, Tevo, Effiom, hogantuso, Alfred Itodele, Sucre n Spice
- **Purpose:** Regular Weekly Governance Meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Ambassador Program Sentiment Distribution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vFdaQelvCOcePcuuYp8mItIMvoenLzujr_2hRLfQnZc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [WG Budet Minimums](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/17a0CssxFOtK_Pd4Q-wMtBfMGJfVVtJlwjCTbbFmUBCE/htmlview?pli=1)

#### Narrative:
The workgroup discussion centered on the analysis document created by Tevo and Effiom from the survey, with the intention to clarify if it would affect the budget caps. 

Peter mentioned Slate’s comment on the Discord channel, noting that the survey still remains non-binding as no decisions have been made so far. He further said that during the workgroup sync call, we suggested doing another round of the survey with higher participation.
Vani noted that if we use the budgets suggested by Tevo as a result of the sentiment analysis, some WGs would get significantly less budget than they would with our existing caps. She has marked these WGs in blue on Sheet 1 of the Budget Minimums spreadsheet.

Guillermo provided feedback on the analysis, he emphasized that it will be critical to have a second round so we could compare. He also noted that some workgroups and guilds are not committed to deliverables and updates during monthly Town Hall Updates , he highlighted that the analysis does not reflect this and he will appreciate seeing analysis on deliverables and output. 
Peter suggested that we could do the other survey before the budget consent round, to ensure things are done well before moving forward. Tevo suggested that we could add sentiment to the consent process, as it will help target specific proposals of the workgroup/guild. Vani opt about the idea of attaching sentiment to the content process, as it will be enough for everyone to be advocating for their own group and could  prompt dishonesty for separate workgroup/guild members.

Sentiment vs Output Reality: 
Tevo highlighted that low sentiment scores might result from low engagement, not poor performance. Some workgroups had minimal participant feedback, making results unreliable.
Peter proposed having continuous sentiment collection to reflect changes over time, not just quarterly impressions.

Guillermo emphasized the need for output-driven strategy, not just activity. Unifying criteria across content creator groups (marketing, video, writers) would reduce redundancy and improve strategic effectiveness.He suggested that the sentiment analysis should be used to reallocate budgets towards groups with strong commitment and effective delivery, not simply sustain the status quo.

Peter suggested that groups with known reserves could reduce Q3 requests or not request at all. However, this raises fairness concerns as it might penalize honesty and reward silence. 
To be continued...


#### Discussion Points:
- A second round of sentiment collection may be needed, ideally with improved outreach, clarity, and explanation of purpose.

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** priority, Workgroups, budget caps, consent process, Workgroup  reserves, budget allocation, sentiment analysis, Q3 2025 budget
- **emotions:** detailed, educative, caution, need for clarity



### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, Effiom [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, effiom, Jeffrey, tevo, UknowZork, AshleyDawn
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764629777661028&cot=10)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base GitBook](https://ambassadorss-organization.gitbook.io/knowledge-base)
  - [Workgroup contributions and Tasks](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/24/views/1)
  - [Session Summary Archive](https://archives-dashboard.netlify.app/search?tab=meetings&workgroup=96f6ef88-5285-4ec6-8fe4-f2ab0347be00)

#### Agenda item 1 - Knowledge Base Onboarding and Feedback - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we reward new feedback?
- Knowledge Base Proposal seems to be a good document for onboarding
- Uncertain when the time comes to contribute
- Unclear where to look for up-to-date information async

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to reward the new feedback

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update the Google Form Question "What existing Workgroup activities you would like to contribute with and why?” to better reflect this workgroup [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Review and update the Knowledge Base WG Proposal to provide better clarity on how we coordinate async [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Workgroup Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we have a specific type of meeting that does not require preparation and a meeting summary practically done in the meeting itself?
- What are Quarter 3 maintenance plans?

- [Insight](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X1JC3Op5i4dGkthxHSYzwF-mSaKn8LZArh5ZvpxG_1A/) into how ODIN will test the establishing proposal this summer and how they do the minimal requirements proposal process to create collaboration environments

- We established the initial Q3 monthly roadmap and base expectations of what we want to achieve in sessions.


#### Decision Items:
- Next session planned for the 7th July 10:00 AM UTC; we agreed to maintain the same meeting time

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Next session we will focus on deciding how we do resource collection for Q3. Onboard people to GitHub and prepare Agenda items for the next 2 sessions in Q3
- Moved agenda item to next session, “Review Previous Session Actions items (Purple Stickies)”
- Start tagging relevant members when tagging Discord Roles when session summaries or preparations are shared

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo to draft and Archive Meeting Summary [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom to review and publish the Meeting Summary [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Review and Update Knowledge Base WG Role [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Review Knowledge Base GitBook updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed GitBook, shared update on the [getting started page] (https://ambassadorss-organization.gitbook.io/knowledge-base)
- All Categories are updated with new information

#### Agenda item 4 - Retrospective on Resource Collecting and Organising - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Both Advance and Tevo liked the organising process
- GPT is very helpful, providing useful information or triggering thoughts of improvements
- Organising videos is more challenging
- Organising Items gives a nice and logical framework to understand the Ambassador Program
- Takes effort to find relevant information
- Best places to find info: Discord, Meeting Summaries and Quarterly Reports
- It's time-consuming to learn about the document context and understand its current relevance for GitBook

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Check into budget documents and under tasks that are submitted to the treasury to see if it's a better source for assets [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 5 - Finalize Q2 Progress Report - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We went over the Progress Report, line by line
- [Knowledge Base WG Q2 2025 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZjfX7X31xmXR0FzK41ZYErX95LIFUaUEW50cWBfKjkw)

#### Decision Items:
- Let's continue the same strategy for the Progress Report for the next quarter, as this seems to work well

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Everyone, please share insights on what you have learned from Knowledge Base updates. Share the feedback in the Process Guild Discord Channel or directly to the Progress Report in the Community Engagement section. [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Gitbook, Miro Board, Q2 report, Budget, Group Reserve


## Wednesday 4th June 2025


### Archives Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], André, CallyFromAuron, Jeffrey Ndarake, Stephen [QADAO], PeterE, Effiom
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Archive names (a list of the name that people are most commonly known by in the Archives)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1r5LDA7yiERtWuu-HHYsBiG-RLyjDCtTZUB8H-xZHFsE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GitHub Issue for this meeting](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/269)
  - [Q3 2025 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 2025 quarterly report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h6ojjXnkvhTX8gAR_W1t_TVpCGQvyLCm0kY4QQIU_Gs/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Decision Items:
- Due to current token price being above $0.30, we agreed we can submit fund requests for all Q2 tasks now.

But we won't submit any pending tasks for Q1 at the moment
  - [**rationale**] The Q2 budget was calculated at the agreed exchange rate of $0.30, but Q1 was calculated at $0.55 so we're not there yet
  - [**opposing**] We might rethink in a month or two, and pay outstanding Q1 tasks anyway
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- André's tool development in May (see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/262) included 
- working on a caching issue with the Archives dashboard (still not completely fixed), - updating scripts to capture meeting summary audits, so we can see what kinds of corrections are made when we do audit summaries.

We discussed how it would be useful to categorise what different *types* of corrections are made to meeting summaries - Vani will add a list to the June tool development issue.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- In June, Stephen's focus will be on beginning to develop rule-based auditing of knowledge graph outputs - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/266 and https://github.com/Quality-Assurance-DAO/neo4j

This work will also be what Archives WG intends to focus on in Q3 2025; it might draw on sme ideas from the proposal that the Archives team submitted to the BGI Nexus funding round in March: https://deepfunding.ai/proposal/ethical-ai-auditing-a-practice-based-approach/
  - [**rationale**] To look at how communities can audit the knowledge graphs of their own data - an ethical approach
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We closed the tag taxoonomy issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/133, and André will be using the defined tags in Q4 2025 when we re-start work on the redesigned Summary Tool. 

We might also use some of the insights from it in ur knowledge graph wrk in Q3.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- On the monthly archives GitBook issues: we noted that so far, Q2 summaries are being submitted without any chasing.

There are fewer meetings happening in general, since most WGs have moved to meeting only once a month; but the meetings that *are* happening, are generally getting summarised.

However, we noted that some cancelled meetings are still on the Calendar - we will ask WGs to tidy that up, since we take our list of what meetings are supposed to take place from the Calendar.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani has approached DeepFunding to ask if the Events Circle could take on documentation of DF Town Hall. Events Circle is interested and is asking one of their members if he would be interested in taking it on. We'll review this next meeting.
 [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 2 July 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Vani to make a list of the different types of coorrectioons that get made to meeting summaries, and add it to https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/263 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AGIX price, controlled vocab, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem, AI ethics, Q3 2025 budget, Q2 2025 quarterly report, summary tool redesign, meeting summary audits, rule-based auditing, tag taxonomy, Deepfunding Town Hall, token price
- **emotions:** interesting, low attendance, slow

### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Slate, UKnowZork, Gorga Siagian, Kateri, Zalfred, LordKizzy, Clement Umoh
- **Purpose:** Q3 2025 Budget Request Discussion - CCCP Discussion 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Q2 Education guild Quarterly Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14BgAogCuzX58rFu2h3V5oYGn1nwVLcYsdODwR-RD0mU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.91gvycmsu9gj)

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting Started with Slate welcoming everybody. 
- Q2 2025 quarterly report is being done by Kateri and it was presented by Slate. It covers the CCCP updates, Website / Wiki integration, Thinkific platform, Canvas Lms and the Presentation series done by Kenechi. 
- Q3 budget discussions: Slate noted that we have about $3,750 in our reserves and we’re requesting $1,200 as our Q3 budget request. We’re also hosting a platform for Certification program project. 
- We also budgeted $220 for our Governance framework complete execution, while $70 was budgeted for Presentation series.  
- Our next call was slated for next two weeks and more discussions will be done in the next call. 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kateri will work on correcting and updating the Q2 quarterly report.  [**assignee**] Kateri [**due**] 11 June 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Certification program, Governance, Q3 2025 budget, CCCP, Budget caps, Q2 2025 quarterly report, Thinkific
- **emotions:**  forward-looking,  insightful, Ideating


## Thursday 5th June 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], Tevo [**documenter**], UKnowZork, Kateri, CallyFromAuron, guillermolucero, Tevo, Alfred Itodele, Sucre n Spice, Clement Umoh, Duke, Jeffrey Ndarake, martinsoki, maxmiles, PeterE
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly Open Governance meeting
This group discusses governance issues for the Ambassador program, such as how we make decisions, how we reward contribution, how we decentralize, and how we ensure inclusion
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Ambassador Program Sentiment Distribution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vFdaQelvCOcePcuuYp8mItIMvoenLzujr_2hRLfQnZc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [WG Budget Minimums](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/17a0CssxFOtK_Pd4Q-wMtBfMGJfVVtJlwjCTbbFmUBCE/htmlview?pli=1)

#### Narrative:
Q3 Budget Cap Finalisation


#### Discussion Points:
- How do we proceed with Ambassador Program Budget Limits to existing groups?
- Even if some groups wouldn't request funding, it still would affect the broader structure
- [Sentiment analysis](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vFdaQelvCOcePcuuYp8mItIMvoenLzujr_2hRLfQnZc/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.o3fg3xit11r5) provided interesting outputs and an opportunity to change how we govern the budget, but further discussions and more involvement were expected before we implement it to steer our budgetary decisions.
- Several workgroups have not communicated their Q3 funding needs clearly, delaying the collective understanding of total financial obligations.
- There's a reliance on a few active contributors to raise concerns, with others remaining passive

#### Decision Items:
- Proceed with the percentage decrease based on the budget request in the previous quarter for the [Q3 budget limits](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17a0CssxFOtK_Pd4Q-wMtBfMGJfVVtJlwjCTbbFmUBCE/edit?gid=350992806#gid=350992806). 
  - [**rationale**] There was pushback to this change, but we could not find agreement on any other alternatives that could be applied in a relatively short amount of time (before the budget submission period)
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update Core contributors about the new context and budget limits [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 9 June 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget caps, Workgroup Funding, Sentiment Analysis

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], advanceameyaw [**documenter**], LordKizzy, advanceameyaw, Alfred Itodele, Osmium, Jeffrey Ndarake, martinsoki, Santos, Kateri, UKnowZork, Darshana Patel, MaxMilez, Gorga Siagian
- **Purpose:**  AI Sandbox (General Discussion)

- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK #31](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oooaS0h2b7MNwnWeaEaU_mP0RicfDCs8lDk-QLEuR7k/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVI7Abr18=/?share_link_id=24280639227)
  - [ Blueprint for AI Sandbox/ Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [NuNet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cJnfweMp_TFWH_xjKYlve6ling0-hKzznFikDWfMdaw/viewform?edit_requested=true)
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINKTANK](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pgAs8NPzSgSFSjrm0y461KGAKutKIJpC25J5lNrh0ZQ/edit?gid=1681070206#gid=1681070206)
  - [THINK PIECES/ FEEDBACK FORM](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeaHNdmWPc29G0x4Ojy43wULUfRgYiSTfWnFtr8lVoObk_mjQ/viewform?usp=dialog)
  - [AI Sandbox Toolset Exhibition Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16HJ7wHrEQsiN5t0zrOeX4b-c0JD-BU3SMfvJnaN0LFA/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.bn2xrlmjpxj4)
  - [AI Sandbox/Think-tank Q2 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jo-pUnlmDUwp2vc9tpZL7rnrYNFBQQfZ_w7qupHgjIg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- -Coordination Meeting and Introductions: The meeting began with a brief welcoming and introductions. Lordkizzy provided a quick overview of the Q3 budget. He proposed a temporary shift to bi-weekly meetings. However, weekly sessions remain ideal and added the possibility of returning to weekly meetings if additional project funding is secured as planned.

- -We discussed the plans to host a workshop either this quarter or next on the Ambassador Program website and organize follow-up calls to develop new session ideas. Also, based on feedback we got on the AI project showcase, the focus will shift from showcasing AI tools to actively using and testing them. 

- -AI Sandbox/Think-tank Overview: Kizzy mentioned how this quarter has shown strong consistency and increased participation, averaging 13 members per session. While planned theoretical debates were delayed, there’s still a chance to host them before the quarter ends. Roundtable discussions and project showcases were paused. Bi-weekly sessions alternating between Sandbox and Think Tank continued as usual, and four new members joined the workgroup - UknowZork, Jeffrey, Alfred, and Max Milez.

- -Project Management Board Update: Kizzy provided an overview of our GitHub project board, highlighting its role in managing and documenting AI Sandbox activities such as AI tool exhibitions, weekly meetings, debates, proposals, and team assignments. He also encouraged members who have not yet added to share their GitHub handles for access.

- Feedback and retrospection: 
UknowZork shared that the guild’s purpose wasn’t clear at first, needing to revisit past recordings. Jeffrey emphasized the need for better onboarding and clearer introductions. In response, Kizzy explained the AI Sandbox and Think-tank structure, and with Osmium, highlighted the value of the program GitBook for deeper understanding. Kateri noted meetings felt too formal and suggested bringing back engaging formats like debates. Advance appreciated the enriching impact of discussion and debate sessions and recommended clearer agendas and collaboration with other guilds to better tailor showcases. Kizzy supported this, stressing the need to align tools with workgroup needs. Lastly, Osmium mentioned speaking with Peter about a demo on the ASI wallet to explore the token’s utility.



#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to host multiple follow-up calls to brainstorm, plan, and present new session ideas.


  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**]  Advance to document meeting [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 12 June 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q2 report and budget request, tool adoption, project management, feedback, retrospective, Q2 2025 quarterly report, Q3 2025 budget, workgroup purpose, ASI wallet, impact, Collaboration
- **emotions:** informative, Insightful, welcoming, Interactive.