---
description: Mon 9th Jun - Sun 15th Jun 2025
---

# Week 24

## Monday 9th June 2025

### Treasury Automation WG

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Jeffrey Ndarake [**documenter**], André, Effiom, Jeffrey Ndarake, Tevo, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** We develop the Treasury System
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZStT9bik4cA&&t=1s)
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKympo8o=/?moveToWidget=3458764630485894445&&cot=10)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/22)

#### Agenda item 1 - Treasury Automation Updates & Project Progress - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Most API activities completed and ongoing work on Zoom API integrations
- Jeffrey volunteered to draft the meeting summary, with André agreeing to review; Tevo offered resources for support.
- Proposal for a Discord bot to track meeting participation was introduced
- Backlog tasks from 2022 and inclusion of leftover funds in the dashboard were discussed. André confirmed pre-treasury system spending is reflected in the summary table

#### Decision Items:
- The group decided not to pursue the wallet API request due to low demand
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Development of a Discord bot for tracking participation will be included as a key focus

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Jeffrey will draft the meeting summary [**assignee**] Jeffrey Ndarake [**status**] todo
- [**action**] André will review the drafted meeting summary [**assignee**] André [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Budget Reserves, Incentive Model & Operations - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- The Q2 budget was reviewed, with April noted as the highest month for distribution
- Data collection challenges: outdated task-time metrics and quarterly calculations needing updates
- No new members were onboarded this quarter
- Quarter two report finalization and action item clarification were addressed

#### Decision Items:
- Agreement to maintain sufficient reserves for operational expenses
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo will finalize the budget sheet and prepare the next session’s proposal [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo will schedule the first monthly stand-up for July 8th at 10 a.m. UTC. [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** treasury, Automation, GitHub, API, Zoom API, recognition tasks, Discord bot, budget reserves, incentive model, dashboard


## Tuesday 10th June 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], PeterE, UKnowZork, Tevo, AshleyDawn, guillermolucero, Kateri, CallyFromAuron, Maximilez, Kevin frey, advanceameyaw, Slate, LadyTempestt, hogantuso, Sucre n Spice, Jeffrey Ndarake, Effiom, Clement Umoh, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** Regular Weekly GovWG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Ambassador Program Budget Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/htmlview)
  - [Ambassador Program Core Contributor list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1VW10ZrPOrRBQ_E1T-g9N7POcZaGsq3C0Vr6ygVzMoGU/htmlview)

#### Narrative:
This week’s session focused mainly on reviewing our current budget, identifying areas of overspend, and discussing how to move forward more realistically given the current token price and how things are evolving across workgroups.

Peter kicked things off by suggesting we dive into the budget sheet. A few minor overages came up—which initially looked like rounding errors. However, upon closer inspection, the overspend in some areas was more significant and required further attention. Some adjustments had already been made, but some still stood out as needing resolution.

Tevo explained that the increase in the Treasury Guild budget was largely due to the fact that he used the previous quarter budget and he hasn’t done any recent budget for it. This change caused a noticeable jump in the numbers. He also reorganized the budget to clearly differentiate between ongoing activities and new initiatives that the extra budget would support. Regarding the Treasury Guild, Tevo admitted there hadn’t been enough time to conduct the regular discussions that typically justify its expenses. As a result, that budget line appeared somewhat unclear.

Vani raised a critical question—are we now over our overall budget cap, and is this level of spending sustainable? She also asked whether the current Treasury Guild budget was based on weekly sessions, even though the team had informally shifted to a biweekly schedule. Tevo confirmed that the budget assumed weekly activity but noted that they had already begun scaling back due to tight funding. He mentioned there was no leftover budget to pull from, so instead of padding the numbers, they chose to reduce the budget request directly. With the token price being so low, he explained, it's become increasingly difficult to justify maintaining certain activities unless the structure evolves accordingly.

The idea of removing the Treasury Guild line was raised, as it hadn’t been active recently. Tevo wondered if the difference between weekly and bi-weekly payments does impact the budget request. He asked if we want to have less bi-weekly treasury sessions, one month like a vacation for treasury operators, or he goes to the Swarm call to raise this up.

Guillermo joined with some reflections. He noted that while the system is currently under stress, that’s not necessarily a bad thing—it presents a good opportunity to test how resilient our governance structure really is. He emphasized the importance of clearly documenting all decisions so people understand what's happening. He also suggested that not everything requires weekly meetings—monthly sessions might suffice, provided we have solid supporting materials to ensure smooth operations.

Peter asked whether a deadline should be set for core contributor nominations. Tevo didn’t think a deadline was necessary but agreed it might help prompt action from those still uncertain about their roles. Demonix and UknowZork were added to the list of core contributors, though the list remains open for further nominations. Vani asked if there was anyone not yet included who should be, and suggested adding their names to the list for nominations.

During Consent form testing, Peter asked whether selecting a workgroup and seeing the “thanks” message meant the response was already recorded. Vani clarified that it didn’t—nothing is submitted until the “Submit” button is clicked, after which users have the option to submit another response. Peter noted that users are prompted again for their email and anonymity preferences, which Vani confirmed was intentional, as collecting that data is important.

Guillermo asked for the form link, saying he couldn’t find it but wanted to try it out and provide feedback. Vani shared the link in response.

We also discussed using the sentiment survey in the consent process. The goal is to ensure that feedback has a meaningful impact in Q4. Peter added that the previous round of feedback didn’t go well—participation was low, and the questions lacked clarity, making the results unhelpful.

Vani also suggested using the next Town Hall to walk everyone through the governance process in a more accessible way—explaining the “why” and “how” behind the Consent process. Everyone agreed that this was a strong idea.

With no more pressing questions, the meeting was concluded. The hope is that once this consent round and the budget restructuring are finalized, we can shift away from heavy administrative work and return to more creative, inspiring initiatives—such as inviting builders from the ecosystem to showcase what they’re working on. For now, though, the focus remains on tightening operations and improving transparency.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani will share the consent form in the chat for feedback. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 10 June 2025 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q3 2025 budget, Consent Process, Core Contributor, Treasury guild, Quarter, Governance, Anonymity, AGIX, USD, Governance Dashboard, Automation, Ambassdor program
- **emotions:**  informative,  Collaborative, detailed, educative, Productive
## Thursday 12th June 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, Tevo, guillermolucero, UKnowZork, advanceameyaw, AshleyDawn, Effiom, Jeffrey Ndarake, Maxmilez, Grandison
- **Purpose:** Weekly Open Governance Meeting 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Micro board task label](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLvZNwWM=/?moveToWidget=3458764627629195895&cot=10)
  - [Task Label graphic ](https://discord.com/channels/909843832491896832/1150014268125753374/1370296929963085866)
  - [Treasury guild dashboard ](https://treasuryguild.com/Singularity%20Net/Singularity%20Net%20Ambassador%20Wallet?tab=report&months=All+months&workgroups=All+workgroups&tokens=AGIX&labels=All+labels)

#### Narrative:
The meeting began with a continuation of the conversation from the last session on the earning gap, specifically from the standpoint of task types.

We began by reviewing the Treasury Dashboard to understand how funds are distributed across various workgroups and guilds, and how their associated tasks are labeled and categorized. During this review, several inconsistencies emerged in the taxonomy, with overlapping or duplicate labels like “documenting” and “documentation.” These inconsistencies make it difficult to conduct a reliable analysis of spending patterns.

This led to a broader discussion on how budgets are being divided, particularly how much is being spent on administrative functions like facilitation, documentation, managing task on dework and coordination. Estimates suggested that nearly 50% of some workgroup budgets go to admin tasks, sparking debate on whether this is justifiable or excessive.
While some saw this as potentially excessive, others defended the need that such overhead is vital.

Another area of concern was the high cost of Dework task management, across the ecosystem. Vani pointed out that task management includes more than logging activities, it involves quality control, follow-ups, and support. She also highlighted that over-reliance on time tracking could create pressure and disadvantage contributors who operate at different speeds.

This led to a broader exploration of how to meaningfully distinguish administrative tasks from operational ones. Tevo suggested launching a survey to collect definitions of administrative work from community members, but Vani suggested using a Google document, that it would lead to more consistent and transparent outcomes.

In wrapping up, Peter recognized that the Q3 budgeting cycle is too far along to implement changes now, but will likely affect the Q4 budget.



#### Discussion Points:
- Cap on how much people can earn  from a particular task type or per workgroup ?
- What do we think we should be spending most on?

#### Decision Items:
- No immediate changes will be made for Q3 since budget processes are already in motion. We agreed that any classification or tooling changes will target Q4.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:**  Budget Allocation, Treasury, Admin Cost, Dework management, Task Classification, Budget caps
- **emotions:**  Understanding., Accountability

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Santos [**documenter**], osmium, advanceameyaw, Gorga Siagian, UKnowZork, Alfred Itodele, AndrewBen, Kateri, Duke
- **Purpose:** AI Sandbox/ Think Tank #32

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Blueprint for AI Sandbox and Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit)
  - [Roadmap of AI Sandbox/ Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit)
  - [Think Pieces/ Feedback](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeaHNdmWPc29G0x4Ojy43wULUfRgYiSTfWnFtr8lVoObk_mjQ/viewform)
  - [AI Sandbox/ Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15G_HTyJmW7BpF48pIzEPd-5ur-C8jwygaCeeTDsGYkE/edit)
  - [AI Sandbox/ Think Tank #32](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BiqtqO-FRd8TFZsmJYWU6X8e5Iiufcttg-YHWhuP638/edit)
  - [Report of AI Toolset EXHIBITION and The WORKFLOW](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16HJ7wHrEQsiN5t0zrOeX4b-c0JD-BU3SMfvJnaN0LFA/edit)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Introduction and welcome: The meeting kicked off with Lordkizzy welcoming everyone and  Osmium shared the agenda for the day’s meeting 

- Report of Q2: Osmium displayed the quarterly report of Q2 2025 and went through it a bit 

- Innovations and future plans: Osmium mentioned the possibility of having Darshana Patel in the next meeting session to speak on the QNN models . The team paused new AI tools exhibitions and decided to focus on testing and automating tools previously showcased.
He also stated that we have started proposing our workflows and automations and we are hoping to utilize these tools we already showcased

- Plans for Q3 2025: Osmium stated that a new budget proposal has already been submitted for Q3 and also a Q2 report

- ASI1 LLM testing:  osmium navigated ASI1 LLM. we hoped to use our own stuff that is the ASI1 LLM futher in coming days and also have like a tutorial and training around it. we also created an AI agent. We tried making use of the AI agent by uploading a document. We made use of the report made by advanceameyaw and tried to search for certain things like the number of sessions we had. There was a brief moment of confusion while using the AI agent with Lordkizzy disagreeing with the amount of sessions had in the quarter. 


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] UknowZork is to document the next meeting session  [**assignee**] UKnowZork [**due**] 19 June 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Osmium would contact Colly for insights on building an AI agent [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 19 June 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** API, Analytics, Automation, AI TOOLSET EXHIBITION, Knowledge base, ASI 1, Q2 2025 quarterly report, Q3 2025 budget, AI Agent
- **emotions:** Interactive, Educational, Productive, Informative


## Friday 13th June 2025


### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, Effiom [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, effiom, Jeffrey, tevo, UknowZork, AshleyDawn
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764629777661028&cot=10)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base GitBook](https://ambassadorss-organization.gitbook.io/knowledge-base)
  - [Workgroup contributions and Tasks](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/24/views/1)
  - [Session Summary Archive](https://archives-dashboard.netlify.app/search?tab=meetings&workgroup=96f6ef88-5285-4ec6-8fe4-f2ab0347be00)

#### Agenda item 1 - Knowledge Base Onboarding and Feedback - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we reward new feedback?
- Knowledge Base Proposal seems to be a good document for onboarding
- Uncertain when the time comes to contribute
- Unclear where to look for up-to-date information async

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to reward the new feedback

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update the Google Form Question "What existing Workgroup activities you would like to contribute with and why?” to better reflect this workgroup [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Review and update the Knowledge Base WG Proposal to provide better clarity on how we coordinate async [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Workgroup Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we have a specific type of meeting that does not require preparation and a meeting summary practically done in the meeting itself?
- What are Quarter 3 maintenance plans?

- [Insight](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X1JC3Op5i4dGkthxHSYzwF-mSaKn8LZArh5ZvpxG_1A/) into how ODIN will test the establishing proposal this summer and how they do the minimal requirements proposal process to create collaboration environments

- We established the initial Q3 monthly roadmap and base expectations of what we want to achieve in sessions.


#### Decision Items:
- Next session planned for the 7th July 10:00 AM UTC; we agreed to maintain the same meeting time

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Next session we will focus on deciding how we do resource collection for Q3. Onboard people to GitHub and prepare Agenda items for the next 2 sessions in Q3
- Moved agenda item to next session, “Review Previous Session Actions items (Purple Stickies)”
- Start tagging relevant members when tagging Discord Roles when session summaries or preparations are shared

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo to draft and Archive Meeting Summary [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom to review and publish the Meeting Summary [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Review and Update Knowledge Base WG Role [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Review Knowledge Base GitBook updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed GitBook, shared update on the [getting started page] (https://ambassadorss-organization.gitbook.io/knowledge-base)
- All Categories are updated with new information

#### Agenda item 4 - Retrospective on Resource Collecting and Organising - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Both Advance and Tevo liked the organising process
- GPT is very helpful, providing useful information or triggering thoughts of improvements
- Organising videos is more challenging
- Organising Items gives a nice and logical framework to understand the Ambassador Program
- Takes effort to find relevant information
- Best places to find info: Discord, Meeting Summaries and Quarterly Reports
- It's time-consuming to learn about the document context and understand its current relevance for GitBook

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Check into budget documents and under tasks that are submitted to the treasury to see if it's a better source for assets [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 5 - Finalize Q2 Progress Report - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We went over the Progress Report, line by line
- [Knowledge Base WG Q2 2025 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZjfX7X31xmXR0FzK41ZYErX95LIFUaUEW50cWBfKjkw)

#### Decision Items:
- Let's continue the same strategy for the Progress Report for the next quarter, as this seems to work well

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Everyone, please share insights on what you have learned from Knowledge Base updates. Share the feedback in the Process Guild Discord Channel or directly to the Progress Report in the Community Engagement section. [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Gitbook, Miro Board, Q2 report, Budget, Group Reserve

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], UknowZork, Gorga Siagian, Jeffrey Ndarake, kareem, kenichi, photogee, CJFrankie, Kateri, esewilliams, LordKizzy, guillermolucero, Alfred Itodele, Mikasa
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2/2025 R&D New Proposal Submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf1RXR5kSfpGzQdm5si1yJzBONYzafhTcDWhYuTJoPq7nInLg/viewform)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Twitter Spaces Playbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HHV-1BIvnSLC1x0IlHnn2g4uZb4fKg_-tD_Usvw7x_A/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Improvement Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iL1t4f4CPxOCUII8j8EFbBkyzppjdgw9w-11UWPZqgY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Marketing Guild GitHub Board](https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/Marketing-Guild-Board/issues/68)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: Ayo opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming attendees and noting that the meeting could not start on time due to a lack of quorum. He encouraged participants to review the summary notes from the previous meeting and share any comments or suggestions.
- Q3 Budget Discussion: LordKizzy presented two Q3 proposals: one maintains the current guild structure with payments shifted to AGIX (150 AGX/month for core members, 100 AGX for Task Force), while the other restructures the guild into Operations (30%) and Initiatives (70%), with defined AGIX caps and responsibilities. A discussion followed on finalizing Q3 strategies, with Ese Williams emphasizing the need to focus on fewer, more executable initiatives and reduce meeting frequency to manage workload. Ayo supported moving to bi-weekly meetings, citing low compensation for facilitation and documentation, though others voiced concerns about uneven impact across roles. Debates emerged about AGIX price volatility, documentation quality, and internal collaboration challenges. Kareem criticized Ayo’s facilitation style, urging more constructive dialogue and suggesting AI support for documentation. LordKizzy stressed the importance of reducing workload, improving human-led documentation, and maintaining team cohesion. Ese urged the guild to prioritize clear decision-making over assigning blame, while LordKizzy emphasized the need for ongoing financial discussions to support sustainable projects. Ayo reinforced the importance of collaboration and mutual trust to effectively navigate the guild’s current challenges. No decision was made as regards to the distribution for Q3.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to copy the document and resolve the comments on the governance documents and share them with the group for final acceptance by next week. [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 20 June 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ayo to help CJFrankie get the Read AI meeting summary date [**assignee**] Ayo [**due**] 20 June 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Mikasa to handle the review of attendance for the last quarter [**assignee**] Mikasa [**due**] 20 June 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget Management , quarterly reports and budget, Q3 Budget Updates
- **emotions:** No decisions made,  Understanding.,  insightful