# Week 21

## Wednesday 22nd May 2024


### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Gorga Siagian, malik, Effiom, Ayo
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)
  - [Lesson feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11NSHs8vAwJ6qXNHQWGelIQB9REttJK625wruxmvj--o/edit)
  - [Dework PBL answers for Gamers Guild Roblox game](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sPPnM-yUggs8IYLjcbkStvdsCaNh1KGNT1f4ooYM5M0/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Documentation for Gamers Guild about Dework PBL - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Who is the main facilitator or lead of the Dework PBL and would like to become the main NPC character for providing WG or Guild details?
- Are there any specific roles for someone to contribute to the Dework PBL?
- What are the key objectives and the goals of the Dework PBL?
- What resources, expertise, or support does the WorkGroup need to effectively showcase the work of the Dework PBL?
- Characters to be included as NPCs?
- What symbol/graphic do you need for the Dework PBL?

#### Action Items:
- [action] Share the document with Gamers Guild https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sPPnM-yUggs8IYLjcbkStvdsCaNh1KGNT1f4ooYM5M0/edit?usp=sharing [status] done

#### Agenda item 2 - Customizing reward ratio based on contributions and participation for Participators - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How do we recognize participation vs contribution?
- Looked at the table of aggregated values for task labels
- Looked at the dashboard to understand the difference between USD and hours spent
- Looked at the dashboard2 to understand the scale of cost between different labels
- What labels are associated with participation?
- What labels are associated with contribution?

#### Decision Items:
- We colored different label names on the Miro Board to represent it as Participation or Contribution.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create a tool that makes it easier to summarize together the time and hours separately for the type of label association. [status] todo
- [action] Continue figuring out the reward ratio for participators. [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Course Website - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Creating our first space and managing filters https://youtu.be/8xx_qa2eKvU
- Suggesting improvements as we go through content 

#### Decision Items:
- Provide Dework links in advance at the start of the session to reduce the potential long waiting times when we do the Dework Course
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Review Lesson 102.2 for typos: Example: Dework [status] todo
- [action] SLT 201.02 - add image about clicking to empty Status area to add new column https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/201/2012 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Roblox, Gamers Guild, participation, participation vs contribution, contribution, Rewards, labels, task labels, tracking tasks, course website, Dework



### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], WaKa, duke peter, Ayodele, Peter, Mikasa, Kenichi, Colleen
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Mmembers and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem.
- Operations update: operations structure and procedures
- Onboarding of new members

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal ( Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem.): there are still ongoing discussions on the apporoval of the budget, but the guild has given Duke a go-ahead on working on the proposal.
- Discussions on Colleen's game proposal
- Discussions on community concerns about our Q2 budget. Majority of the members, "My only concern is that as the projects and initiatives increase in this Guild we have not properly addressed the Operations increase that is impacted by that. As the iniatives grow there are more and more operations and internal processes that are not accurately captured by the budget." : we have agreed to improve our workflow in terms of Operations.
- Discussions on decision-making tool and processes

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to adopt and implement a bi-weekly report on progress, and also conduct bi-weekly workshop
  - [rationale] Majority of members felt this was important for the Guild in terms of operations
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Guillermo suggested that all core members of the Guild should be available for a discussion on tool development
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project by conecting them with Celeste's team (Audio to text AI DF awarded project) [assignee] Guillermo [due] 8 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] WaKa & Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] WaKa, Rojo [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to share his evaluation doc for the Writer's WG with the R&D Guild [assignee] Kenichi [due] 29 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Kenichi to create a basic explanatory document on his initiatives for the Ambassador program website and present it in the next meeting  [assignee] Kenichi [due] 29 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to write down a short response on the concerns that was presented on Q2 budget for the guild. [assignee] Duke [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guilermo to ideate to see how Vasu cam collaborate with guild members on project [assignee] Guillermo [due] 29 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Colleen to email Guillermo on her gaming proposal for it to be added to the next meeting's agenda [assignee] Colleen [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Lord_Kizzy to meet up and have a discussion on creating a Github board repository for the guild  [assignee] Guillermo, lord kizzy [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Ayo to draft out a report on how he could contribute to the Guild  [assignee] Ayo [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, Meeting Summaries, Budget Request, Q2 budget, Social media Dashboard, social media, agenda creation, GitHub, Workshop, Introductory task, Evaluation criteria
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming, Friendly


## Friday 24th May 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], killy [documenter], DS9, lord kizzy, Photogee, hogantuso, AndrewBen, malik, devon, Slate, Billy, kateri
- Purpose: weekly updates /tasks assignment
#### Discussion Points:
- More updates on the Zealy platform.
- Lord kizzy, as the task manager, provided weekly task updates.
- Slate as our social media manager gave weekly updates on our socials.
- Discussion on two members from our workgroup, one as a reveiwer and the other as a communicator for the Zealy  program
- Discussion on our budget for the Zealy program

#### Decision Items:
- we decided to reward lord kizzy 
  - [rationale] He was rewarded for his good and hard work in the Zealy program 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 2 members fron our workgroup will serve as a reveiwer and the other as communicator for the Zealy program

#### Action Items:
- [action] Task Management/ tag the task payment, either it is a monthly or weekly payment [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 24 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] facilitator  [assignee] Zalfred [due] 21 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] town hall edit [assignee] devon [due] 21 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] DS9 is to tender a proposal concerning his idea and get back to us  [assignee] DS9 [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] task management [assignee] malik [due] 21 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] social media manager [assignee] Slate [due] 21 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] town hall summary [assignee] hogantuso [due] 21 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] meeting summarizing  [assignee] killy [due] 21 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, new people, Videomaking, Task Assignment, rewards
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, positive, speedy

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, devon, Nebula1224, Ines, Onize, hogantuso, Ayo
- Purpose: Introduction to 'WWG Role Document V1' and Notion as a platform.
- Other media: [Link](https://medium.com/@singularitynetambassadors)
- Working Docs:
  - [Scribe Application Form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nEKcHFW8fk7t3xvAI2iKz_PDmAD_vLEe8YGcCDOQFYg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [WWG Role Document v1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Snol58978ZkEtWpIBv0VNEwqsdM8ZHz9jsvOyr4qmA4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
The meeting started with Kenichi welcoming everyone to the meeting.

Kenichi shared insider tips on the Writers' WorkGroup role document v1, which he shared during the meeting.

Inés asked questions about how the articles written by the SNET Scribblers are published on Medium, when articles go out, and what’s next after the publication. Kenichi gave more thoughts on her questions.

Onize, who is just attending our meeting for the first time, was curious to know how she could contribute; Kenichi explained the whole WG process to her.

Discussion on working on the Notion page to foster collaboration and automation.

Updates on the rejected Q2 budget were discussed.

Ayo suggested that the writer's WG make a proper agenda for their weekly meetings, and he also stated the need for creating a getting-started doc for people who are interested in writing for the ambassador program.



#### Decision Items:
- We decided that moving forward, we would have a look at our last meeting summary before proceeding with new meetings.
  - [rationale] This would help us stay organized while discussing things that matter most.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that the Scribes will be reviewing dework article submissions in the absence of Kenichi.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to find a perfect emoji or add the keyword “Scribe” to each of the Scribes Discord names so they'll easily be identified anywhere on the SNET Discord server.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that Scribes would select a niche from the SNET ecosystem for providing tailored articles for the SNET medium publication.
  - [rationale] Everybody agreed: this would help us distinguish the Scribes from the Scribblers.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to make the points systems more transparent so everyone would know their monthly performances and why they got a certain amount of rewards.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to draft an onboarding doc for new people to catch a glimpse of the writer's workgroup. [assignee] Kenichi [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to create a Notion page for documenting the WG progress, setting up automation, and fostering collaboration among the writers. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done

#### Learning Points:
- Notion as a platform to foster the writer's workgroup collaboration and for easy automation.

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Scribe, Points system, Miro Board, Notion, Dework, Q2 budget, participation, meeting agenda, Onboarding, medium
- emotions: insightful, informative, interesting