# Week 19

## Tuesday 7th May 2024

### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Esther [facilitator], Esther [documenter], Vanessa, Peter, 5oundwave5, Esther, Duke, LeeLoo, Guillermo
- Purpose: To form initial conversations about the GEI (Global Ethics Initiative) workgroup, overall purpose, and some initial strategy.
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [GEI Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/)
  - [Starter document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/)

#### Narrative:
We addressed who will be part of core contributors - Vani said this often happens organically by starting channel and see who turns up.
We talked about how the Archives workgroup in Ambassadors has started an AI ethics/strategy  policy. This led to a discussion about how the ecosystem could apply ethics and safety. This could take the form of local groups set within a broader, ecosystemwide ethics committee, so that there's coherence but also focused attention within groups, and freedom to do it according to their needs. Some ethics needs will be different.

We talked about how the Global Ethics Initiative fits in the Risk Management Framework. Specifically, gathering information from ecosystem groups, and collating general ethics research and information. It was suggested that setting standards for the Marketplace could ensure that spinoffs apply it (thought that's only effective if they care about getting on the Marketplace). We agreed to set up a common resource spreadsheet to start to gather research information and frameworks.


We discussed how the new LATAM Guild can get involved in the Global Ethics Initiative. They could translate survey into Spanish and distribute. Maybe the Foundation funding can contribute to that.
Ambassadors could have a presence at AI for Good and/or AGI and continue the fishbowl interviews (discussed proper ethics and informed consent form, and collecting metadata/contextual data


#### Action Items:
- [action] Start Discord channel for coordination  [assignee] Peter [status] done
- [action] Create the Resources/ecosystem ethics/risk evaluation spreadsheet [assignee] Esther, LeeLoo [status] in progress
- [action] Create consent form [assignee] Esther, Vanessa, LeeLoo [status] in progress
- [action] Find out feasibility of Ambassadors at the 2 events  [assignee] Haley, Esther [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: AI ethics, Global Ethics Initiative, policies, interviews, consent, events, marketplace, spinoffs, risk management
- emotions: Casual, Collaborative


## Wednesday 8th May 2024


### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], 5oundwave5, Curtis, Rojo, William, WaKa, duke peter, Ubiodee, malik, rebel, Ayodele, Peter, Mikasa, Rob, Vasu, Samson Freeman
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming New Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- Final Q1 Report: Deliverables Status update.
- Discussion of items: Community Concerns
- Onboarding of new members

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on R&D Guild Budget and Duke's proposal ( Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem.): this wont be included in our Q2 budget, due to an increase in proposals from workgroups and intergration of new workgroups
- Discussions on Concerns in our Q2 budget. majority of the members, found the first concern "There is huge concern between Q1 proposal and Quarterly results match. Thousands of dollars were allocated to development, but not a single repo is shared nor seems to be developed. All we get is a Proposal for Q2. I trust the members to be more transparent with deliverables in Q2 or I might become a blocker" as invalid since the guild decides on how to give out deliverables to the community.
- Discussions on Concerns in our Q2 budget. majority of the members, "My only concern is that as the projects and initiatives increase in this Guild we have not properly addressed the Operations increase that is impacted by that. As the iniatives grow there are more and more operations and internal processes that are not accurately captured by the budget." : we have agreed to improve our workflow in terms of Operations.
- Discussions on Decision making tool and processes
- Discussions on R&D workshops

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to adopt and implement a Biweekly report on progress and also conduct Bi-weekly workshop
  - [rationale] Majority of members felt this was important for the Guild in terms of operations
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project by conecting them with Celestes team. Audio to text AI DF awarded Project [assignee] Guilermo [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Ubio, WaKa, Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] Ubiodee, WaKa, Rojo [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to share his evaluation doc for the Writer's WG with the R&D Guild [assignee] Kenichi [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to create a basic explanatory document on his initiatives for the ambassador program website and present it in the next meeting  [assignee] Kenichi [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] 5oundwave5 & William to create a doc on how they could contribute to the Guild, and share it in next meeting [assignee] 5oundwave5, William [due] 15 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] The Guild should give back our responses on the concerns on our Q2 budget. [assignee] Guild members [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kizzy, Duke & Ubiodee to attend the next treasury meeting to have discussions on Duke's proposal [assignee] lord kizzy, Duke, Ubiodee [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, Meeting Summaries, Budget Request, Q2 budget, Social media Dashboard, social media, meeting summary tool, agenda creation, Decision Making Process, GitHub, Workshop
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming



### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Gorga Siagian, 5oundwave5, malik, Effiom
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)
  - [Lesson feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11NSHs8vAwJ6qXNHQWGelIQB9REttJK625wruxmvj--o/edit)

#### Agenda item 1 - Reward Automation related to Dework PBL - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How should participation be rewarded in the Dework PBL WG meeting?
- How are Dework PBL Participants currently getting funded?
- Should there be offboarding, and what does that look like?
- Participation vs Contribution

#### Decision Items:
- We don't take control of the off-boarding process. Instead, we will try to find a reward weight for each participant based on their contributions done before.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create a visualization of different potential categories of contributions and participations we have accumulated so far. [status] todo
- [action] Define the algorithm and parameters for rewarding participation in future sessions [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Course Website - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Taking a look into new fresh onboarding, Dework PBL Course changes https://youtu.be/WW9YZRhM_no
- Suggesting improvements as we go through content

#### Decision Items:
- We continue to step through course actions in every bi-weekly meeting for around 30 minutes
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Update permissions lesson with a guide on how to invite people to Dework Space to manage tasks [status] todo
- [action] Update Module 201.1 check subheadings [status] todo
- [action] Update Module 201.1 to include a Link to the Playground Overview Page. [status] todo
- [action] Check if some features are missing in the mobile Dework version compared to the Desktop version [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Review and planning next steps - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What have we achieved so far at a high level?
- What other PBL and Amabssador related things do we want to work on?
- What things are left to do according to the proposal?
- We did Point Allocation Voting on ideated results to give us group sentiment on the next steps.

#### Decision Items:
- Continue waiting for Version 2 Updates to try it out for course creation
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Go through Gamers Guild questions in the next session [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: review, forward planning, Andamio updates, Reward automation, Rewards


## Friday 10th May 2024


### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, Mikasa, LadyTempestt, Kareem, devon, Nebula1224, 5oundwave5, rob b, Photogee
- Purpose: Highlight on the new Zealy sprint, and first-come, first-to-get policy on dework 
#### Narrative:
Kenichi asked about updates on different tasks Scribes/Scribblers are on.
Kenichi appreciated the Scribes for their assistance in getting Zealy tasks ready as it is good to go now.
Kenichi placed emphasis on a “first-come, first-to-get” policy on Dework tasks for WG members.
LadyTempestt and 5Soundwave5 brought up the issue of Trivia to make it more inclusive of everyone in the SNET Ecosystem. Kenichi also talked about creating polls on what trivia questions should be on; he's going to try to make that happen.
Kareem gave brief updates on the brand kits for the Ambassador program. 
LadyTempestt suggested that everyone in WG gets involved in drafting quarterly budgets. Kenichi agreed to this and said we would start going through it together from next quarter.



#### Decision Items:
- From next quarter, everyone in WG will be involved in drafting quarterly budgets
  - [rationale] for fairness and decentralization
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Friday Trivia quiz should have polls on what trivia questions should be on
  - [rationale]  To make it more inclusive of everyone in the SNET Ecosystem.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] CJFrankie is to write monthly updates in April for the SingularityNET Ambassador program and submit them by next week [assignee] Cjfrankie  [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to go through LadyTempestt’s current task after the meeting. [assignee] Kenichi [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Triva, Tasks, Quarterly Budget, inclusion, Brand kit, Decentralization
- emotions: insightful, short, Collaborative

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], killy [documenter], hogantuso, lord kizzy, Sound Wave, oep, AndrewBen, martinsoki, DS9, Photogee, malik
- Purpose: Weekly updates/improvement on engagment
- Working Docs:
  - [Cardano girls ](https://x.com/itscattledaddy/status/1787172039297573325)
  - [Cardano girls](https://x.com/itscattledaddy/status/1788639543106637901)
  - [Cardano girlspp](https://x.com/itscattledaddy/status/1788936258606997538)
  - [Rick  McCracken DIGI](https://x.com/RichardMcCrackn/status/1779155397116322043)
  - [Proposal for long videos ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit#gid=0)

#### Discussion Points:
- More updates on the Zealy tasks
- We discussed on more engagement for our socials 
- Lord kizzy, as the task manager, provided weekly task updates.
- Discussion on updates of the proposal sheet
- There was a discussion on creating a video workgroup Zealy sprint 
- There was more discussion on tournament for the Gamers Guild 

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to have to keep the Zealy program 
  - [rationale] It would be unwise to have two zealy sprints from the Ambassador program
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- zalfred as facilitator is to contact slate on the idea that DS9 gave during the meeting

#### Action Items:
- [action] Task Management/ tag the task payment either it is a monthly or weekly payment [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 24 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] facilitator to give monthly updates [assignee] Zalfred [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Facilitator to create a vote pool for quarterly or monthly assignment [assignee] Zalfred [due] 24 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] social manager, task manager and town hall editor to reach out to peter to get admin access to the zealy sprint [assignee] Slate, lord kizzy, malik [due] 10 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, new people, Videomaking, Zealy, gamers' guild, vote pool, assignments
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, positive, speedy