---
description: Mon 29th Apr - Sun 5th May 2024
---

# Week 18

## Wednesday 1st May 2024




### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, Clement Umoh, Photogee, GorgaSeagian, osmium, WaKa, SoundWaves, Billy
- Purpose: Review Team updates, Clement's infographic, Ese's presentation on Microsoft Teams, Google Classroom update
- Working Docs:
  - [Andamio Overview ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10Yy0lg17MtvN8xCZbFHRft-NZ7XxM-P-pLu8sYrHCTs/edit)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Review team updates
- Clement's infographic 
- Ese's presentation on Teams application
- Google Classroom update 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- Then he highlighted the agenda for today's meeting 
- First agenda item: updates from the review team regarding quizzes 
- Osmium is doing final checks 
- Slate provided updates from Vanessa's side 
- Then Slate shared Clement's infographic for the Ambassador program 
- There were a few pointers which Slate pointed out 
- Then Ese presented on Microsoft Teams application and its usages for ACP
- Slate mentioned that there is only one problem with Google Classroom: that is no timer for google forms 
- Then WaKa shared his insights regarding teaching with AI and about AI 

#### Decision Items:
- Reach out to Fetch and Ocean
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Ese to present visually regarding Teams application [assignee] esewilliams [due] 8 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Reach out to Fetch and Ocean [assignee] WaKa [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] fix issues with Google Classroom  [assignee] Slate [due] 8 May 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, review, platform, quizzes, Fetch, Ocean, outreach, Google Classroom, Teams, Teach with AI 
- emotions: productive, Collaborative, Businesslike, speedy

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Olokoji, lord kizzy, André, Photogee, Clement Umoh, Freeman, Billy
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?share_link_id=819033103692)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Review Organized and Reviewed Items - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Selecting one of the 5 completed Async Items
- Reviewing: WG quarterly report: Treasury Guild - Google Doc
- Reports can have wide footprint on different types of areas in the Ambassador Program

#### Decision Items:
- We will repeat the review session with a different item in the next session to capture
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We finish rest of the async items from the Organizing Resource View async
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We removed Onboarding WG Task sheet and different workgroup quarterly reports from  Evaluation Criteria
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Information about deliverables and reports themselves do not fit under Evaluation criteria unless reports also describe how to evaluate the Ambassador Program using these reports
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Should we start testing GPT for generating relations with Items? [status] todo
- [action] Update Organizing Resources Miro Board Window [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, Quarterly Report, evaluation, deliverables, ChatGPT

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], 5oundwave5, Curtis, Rojo, William, WaKa, duke peter, Kenichi, Photogee
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)

#### Agenda Items:
- Projects Updates
-  Q2 R&D Guild Objectives
- Operations: R&D GitHub Project Management

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on Project updates from Rojo & Curtis
- Discussions on R&D GitHub Project Management
- Final discussions on implementation of the use of meeting summaries for meeting agenda preparations
- Kenichi Discussions on the Ambassador's program website and reputations system
- Discussions on Q2 Objectives and an Onboarding Evaluation process into the R&D Guild by Guillermo 
- Discussions on Decision making tool and processes

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to adopt and implement an Onboarding Evaluation process for new members into the R&D Guild
  - [rationale] Majority of members felt it was important to conduct an evaluation test to onboard new members into the Guild 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project  [assignee] Guilermo [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Ubio, WaKa, Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] Ubiodee, WaKa, Rojo [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Rojo to add Duke's proposal to the budget for Q2 [assignee] Rojo [due] 1 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to share his evaluation doc for the Writer's WG with the R&D Guild [assignee] Kenichi [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to create a basic explanatory document on his initiatives for the ambassador program website and present it in the next meeting  [assignee] Kenichi [due] 8 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] 5oundwave5 to create a doc on how they could contribute to the Guild, and share it in next meeting [assignee] 5oundwave5 [due] 15 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, Meeting Summaries, Budget Request, Q2 budget, Social media Dashboard, social media, meeting summary tool, agenda creation, Decision Making Process, GitHub
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming



### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen, Vanessa [documenter], Vanessa, Stephen, André, duke peter, esewilliams, Billy, Photogee, Nebula, Ekemini Samuel, Colleen, Clement Umoh, Gorga Siagian, Mikasa, Samson Freeman
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Q2 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1d9j-IPA0wary0EdR8YIoKl1BF0mAtkV_dgTs0hSnzAs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/140)
  - [Draft AI ethics doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MIItGDkPIBMA6x-_rvIaWvpRE_sKkkz9TdEhao_MVwM/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Decision Items:
- colleen, olokoji, clement, gorga and ekemini potentially interested in technical documentation
  - [rationale] Stephen will get the project a bit further along, and work out best ways for people to contribute
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Stephen to check why SucrenSpice doesn't seem to have permissions to merge changes on Ambassador GitBook - still can't work out why [assignee] Stephen [due] 15 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Onyeka and Ese to timestamp BGI videos [assignee] esewilliams, lord kizzy [due] 1 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke to create a video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board, based on Stephen's training session - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116 [assignee] duke peter [due] 15 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre to add the Q1 quarterly report to Ambassador GitBook when ready [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 1 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to DM participants in tag taxonomy project, and set a date for training session [assignee] Vanessa [due] 1 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] Progress the idea of doing a TH session on how we use GitHub [assignee] Stephen, André, Vanessa [due] 1 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vanessa to find out whether Strategy Guild is still active (result: it seems they are not) [assignee] Vanessa [due] 25 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Core Archives team to meet with Ubio on Mon 22nd April to clarify the focus of his work in Q2 - sentiment analyisis or dashboard? [assignee] Stephen, Andre, Vanessa, Ubio [due] 22 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Ese to talk to Kenichi to find out whether Writers WG are currently doing meeting summaries; and if so, whether they plan to add them via the Tool; or if not, could they add them at least to their spreadsheet here https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1S1M-IlMnI4WPL2c_ojOeIExvWU-bkzfamirE5_Ls9-4/edit?usp=sharing [assignee] esewilliams [due] 15 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] All to add comments to AI ethics doc async [assignee] all [due] 15 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to  to start writing guide on how to make a doc community-owned - i.e. a process for how to work with a doc to avoid stuff like deleting it, deleting comments, etc [assignee] Vanessa [due] 15 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to add issues to the GitHub Board for the new tasks we agreed to do this Quarter https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/119 [assignee] Vanessa [due] 15 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Tag taxonomy, colabs, langchain, AI tooling, open source, document management, github board, AI ethics, Ethics, ethics of AGI, new work
- emotions: positive, new people present, Friendly, forward-looking


## Thursday 2nd May 2024



### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Peter, Vanessa, Guillermo, Gorga Siagian, Sucren, love, Clement Umoh, Freeman, hufiumer69, Kenichi, lord kizzy, Slate, 5oundwave5
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764584775426018&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240?taskId=83aeda8d-2434-42f9-9f48-be1345c9f8e6)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context-setting doc for Q2 budgets decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/115c9r867HDV711v7cgu-thL6chfUHtK6Fhu6qVwA6es/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Core Contributors list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13uPKVnooFowpoxRBZJH71iIbHUyoOokdn_RCDvp_RHI/edit#heading=h.ij3cuj7d158h)

#### Agenda item 1 - Ambassador Program Core Contributors - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Contributor list is updated and will be used to verify members in consents forms https://docs.google.com/document/d/13uPKVnooFowpoxRBZJH71iIbHUyoOokdn_RCDvp_RHI/edit#heading=h.ij3cuj7d158h

#### Agenda item 2 - Review proposal consent feedback - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Facilitation Procedures for Consent Review Sessions
- What does it mean to increase Budget?
- Going through different concerns that were raised via the consent forms

#### Decision Items:
- We avoid sharing or recording access to files that contain email addresses used to verify people's Discord name
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We skip recording today's session
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 14 out of 16 Proposals passed https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Add all results into single sheet to visualize different preferences [status] todo
- [action] Differentiate Core Contributors and non Core Contributors from final results [status] todo
- [action] Writers WG will check in with team to check their proposal and see if it checks out also for quarter two [status] todo
- [action] Have a separate meeting for proposal improvements and passing [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Gamers' Guild presentation - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Presented Robolox metaverse that has dialog interactions with characters named after active members

#### Action Items:
- [action] update and share active contributor list of Treasury Guild members to Gamers Guild [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: consent decision making, core contributors, Budget , Q2 budget, objections, consent, privacy, Roblox, Gamers Guild

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: lord kizzy [facilitator], Olokoji, LadyTempestt [documenter], Vanessa, SucrenSpice, Cjfrankie, duke peter, Photogee, Gorga Siagian, Peter, Olokoji, 5oundwave5, Clement Umoh, Kenichi, Hamzat_iii, LadyTempestt
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET Onboarding WG Task Reward Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Our Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vQLBWOcK6-yZJRzCit4q7jaUhRkupvDZsIMSwdaJvGE/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [ONBOARDING JOURNEY](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IV4-7tsUJ99s4DY_Rrv9mMqP0JqfhAJHjnxP4x7A-6g/edit)
  - [ONBOARDING FACILITATION & DOCUMENTATION ROSTER](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [DRAFT context-setting doc on naming decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Mtt9S7X59hzm_InMd5Xm2po7Bj1HNQgw5Fib9Ia6fM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context-setting doc on Q2 budget decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/115c9r867HDV711v7cgu-thL6chfUHtK6Fhu6qVwA6es/edit)
  - [Ideas for Q2 survey](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RZ0vhz7brsaOYrTeXe2jVqOsIGilIxnM0KsJ2NZmu_o/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Gorga's proposal on educational content](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BeYZP6-O84pTnAoK6ye8YWKnE6ojb1cMHY8TPI2vAG4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Session (18th April)  video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um7Zv5F9TyA )
  - [Draft scripts for onboarding journeys](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aF53HrArlVy3GHQTD6APNJNTpOxP5lG-RSu5kWrpyEA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 survey about our onboarding sessions](https://forms.gle/qMvn7jkhkKAiQ7B88)

#### Town Hall Updates:
Hogan Tuso will give the Onboarding WG update on Tues 28th May, Clement Umoh to mentor him


#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of the last meeting
- Action Items from the last meeting
- Document on ideas for our Q2 survey https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RZ0vhz7brsaOYrTeXe2jVqOsIGilIxnM0KsJ2NZmu_o/edit?usp=sharing
- Onboarding journey scripts
- Context-Setting docs
- Next Town Hall update
- Facilitation and Documentation next time
- Gamers' Guild Roblox presentation was postponed due to technical issues
- Impromptu discussion of an idea from Kenichi to help track contribution

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed on last week's minutes
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- On action items from last week's meeting, Lord kizzy and Photogee have uploaded the treasury session video from 18th
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Lady Tempestt has created a survey about our onboarding sessions https://forms.gle/qMvn7jkhkKAiQ7B88; it will be sent out during our next onboarding session on May 16th, and afterwards in Discord.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Sucre, Lady Tempestt and Vani have completed the context-setting doc about the Q2 budget consent decision-making process
  - [rationale] The document has been completed and it is being circulated around. Core contributors should submit their consent for the budget proposals
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Peter gave Gorga his Onboarding WG tag on Discord.
  - [rationale] Gorga has passed the requirement of attending 3 consecutive meetings to become an Onboarding WG member.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Sucre has reached out to Slate (education guild lead) concerning Gorga's proposal https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BeYZP6-O84pTnAoK6ye8YWKnE6ojb1cMHY8TPI2vAG4/edit?usp=sharing - No feedback from him yet
  - [rationale] because the proposal is probably more of a fit for Education than for Onboarding
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Kenichi raised his idea of a website for contribution tracking; it will use soulbound tokens, and will mint badges and monitor contributor's tier level
  - [rationale] To track how long contributors have been working, rather than the time spent (as the gimbal token does) . No work Group uses this yet but it is something that should be considered by each work group.
  - [opposing] There is no consensus on this yet, various questions was asked but kenichi stated this is just initial stage for the tool. 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed people would look at the context-setting doc on the naming decision https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Mtt9S7X59hzm_InMd5Xm2po7Bj1HNQgw5Fib9Ia6fM/edit?usp=sharing and make any comments they might have
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- we agreed CJFrankie will make an infographic to advertise the Onboarding session on 16th May
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Lord Kizzy, Duke, Cj frankie, Vani, SucrenSpice, Lady Tempestt to continue work on scripts for onboarding journeys [assignee] duke peter, lord kizzy, cjfrankie , LadyTempestt, Vanessa, SucrenSpice [due] 9 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre facilitating the next meeting, Cj Frankie to document [assignee] Sucren, Cjfrankie  [due] 9 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Infographic for May 16th Onboarding Session  [assignee] Cjfrankie  [due] 9 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to reach out to Educational Guild about Gorga's proposal [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 9 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] LadyTempestt to add some ideas on surveys to be implemented in Q2 to the Q2 Budget sheet  [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 9 May 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: context-setting docs, renaming Ambassadors, Q2 budget decision process, survey , Onboarding sessions, infographic, Education Guild, onboarding journeys, Soulbound tokens, loyalty system, Proposals, contribution, tracking contribution
- emotions: informative, short, unusual, off-schedule



### Deep Funding Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: jay05|judithW [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], jay05|judithW, Emotu, Juan Pablo Barea, Nicola Salvagni, tom (Aprendo), Mihai Bărbulescu, ines gavina, Jan Horlings, XyrisKenn, Ale Marin, Duke, logan, Clement Umoh, 5oundwave5, Sucre n Spice, Diego G, Boaz, jerry king, Mikasa, Ese Williams, Ubiodee, MayorDefi, Kenichi, oep, samuel chukwu, Tomas Octavio, read.ai meeting notes, fireflies notetaker Mercy, Kings Ghedosa, edet ekpenyong
- Purpose: DeepFunding Town Hall is a (usually) fortnightly meeting (although for a short period, it has been weekly) led by the SingularityNET Ambassador community, where we share updates, presentations & conversations about topics that relate to Deep Funding and SingularityNET.
#### Town Hall Summary:
This Town Hall was a session where personal questions were asked of some of the main participants in DeepFunding, as a "get-to-know-you" exercise.


#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: community, community engagement, questions, turn-taking, projects, education, Africa, AGI
- emotions: personal, participatory, long, ice breaker, game, individuals, people, ideals


## Friday 3rd May 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], killy [documenter], hogantuso, Photogee, lord kizzy, Slate, D.S.9, Mikasa, tevosak, Olokoji, devon, cardano_class, Clement Umoh
- Purpose: Weekly updates/deliberation of Q2 budget
- Working Docs:
  - [Quarterly workgroup budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=2094170945)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates on the Zealy campaign
- Slate, as the social media manager, provided this week's update about our social media platform
- Lord kizzy, as the task manager, provided weekly task updates.
- We are to vote on how tasks will be distributed, either quarterly or monthly
- There was a discussion on been more descriptive on the Zealy tasks
- There was a discussion about the Q2 budget
- There was a discussion on Gamers' Guild

#### Decision Items:
- Slate and malik to work on the Zealy engagement
  - [rationale] Slate is the current social media manager, while malik is the pervious manager so they are to work together and update more content
- We decided to tag some tasks to know what type of payment is being made, either it is weekly or monthly
  - [rationale] To be descriptive on the type of payment being paid out from the work group
- We decided to do a Discord vote to decide if the task assignments will be distributed either quaterly or monthly
  - [rationale] We decided to make it a Discord vote because we need all video workgroup members' participation

#### Action Items:
- [action] Task Management/ tag the task payment either it is a monthly or weekly payment [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] facilitator to give monthly updates [assignee] Zalfred [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Facilitator to create a vote pool for quarterly or monthly assignment [assignee] Zalfred [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, new people, Videomaking, task assignment, Zealy, payments, quarterly or monthly, Discord, voting, governance, decisionmaking
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, positive, speedy

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, Mikasa, LadyTempestt, Kareem, devon, Emmanuel
- Purpose: Creating X pages for specific region, to address language barriers. Increasing budget allocation.
- Other media: [Link](https://www.figma.com/file/AgdZbBr9BXokX0xaTADRB6/MI-FI?type=design&node-id=2443%3A83&mode=design&t=12bWF72JEDlLNvij-1)
#### Narrative:
We discussed creating Twitter/X accounts in multiple languages
We discussed Zealy sprints
We're looking to write around 30 more articles for Medium; these articles include educational series, atomic essays, and plain articles.
Kareem shared an update on the brand assets; he's at the final phase of the designs.
Lady Tempestt mentioned that Onboarding Workgroup are considering implementing the points system that is used in Writers' WG.
A poll was created, and people cast their votes for increasing the points system allocation.



#### Decision Items:
- We decided to create new X pages for different languages, including Pidgin, Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, and French. We aim to translate every piece of content on the Ambassador X account and publish it on the respective X page. Scribblers who are proficient in speaking any language can submit their proposal.
  - [rationale] To address language barriers
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Scribes will be added to the Zealy review team, and Scribes won't participate in the Zealy quests.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The Zealy Sprint fund allocation has increased. 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Kenichi aims to put out over 30 quests on Zealy this quarter.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The Scribes will be added to the Zealy review team, and Scribes won't participate in the Zealy quests.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to chase Sucre n Spice for the top contributors in the translation WG. [assignee] Kenichi [status] todo
- [action] Kareem to do a walkthrough on the brand kit in the next writers’ meeting. [assignee] Kareem [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to submit the writers' workgroup Q1 quarterly report to Tevo. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] Mikasa to create more announcements for the Friday trivia a few hours before it begins. [assignee] Mikasa [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Scribe, Monthly newsletter, Points system, Zealy sprint, Trivia allocation, Q1 quarterly report, Q2 quarterly report, zealy quest, Twitter, Twitter/X, Translation, multilingual
- emotions: informative, insightful, interesting


## Saturday 4th May 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian, 5oundwave5, flyn, Billy, Dr Strange, DS9
- Purpose: Workgroup creation updates and progress 
- Working Docs:
  - [Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10E9GCj7RoHwRSQk8hT7bbxOD1trYh_EdIL-bAlPFXiQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- Updates on the creation of workgroups in the Roblox game was discussed.
- Discussion on the day and night cycle system took place.
- Discussion on improving the model
- Discussed modifications in the onboarding workgroup building.
- Discussion on enhancing user interface

#### Decision Items:
- Meeting summaries and publicizing task will rotate among members.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Meeting summary [assignee] devon [due] 18 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Meeting Publicizing [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 18 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Video workgroup department creation  [assignee] lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian [status] todo
- [action] Educational guild Department creation [assignee] malik, hufiumer69 [status] todo

#### Game Rules:
Capture the flag
The team that captures the most flags wins


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Blue team won - Devon - Hufiumer - kevin - lord kizzy - Scare Crow

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Budget, Roblox, participation, Task Assignment, Video Workgroup, Onboarding Workgroup, Education Guild
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, engaging new people
- games played: Combat Shooting Game