---
description: Mon 27th May - Sun 2nd Jun 2024
---

# Week 22

## Wednesday 29th May 2024





### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Curtis [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], WaKa, Ayodele, malik, kateri, Onize, Vasu, Curtis, Onyeka
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem.
- Operations update: operations structure and procedures
- Onboarding of new members

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal (Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem): there are still ongoing discussions on the approval of the budget, but the guild has given Duke a go-ahead on working on the proposal.
- Discussions on Colleen's game proposal
- Discussions on community concerns about our Q2 budget. Majority of the members, "My only concern is that as the projects and initiatives increase in this Guild we have not properly addressed the Operations increase that is impacted by that. As the iniatives grow there are more and more operations and internal processes that are not accurately captured by the budget." : we have agreed to improve our workflow in terms of Operations.
- Discussions on decision-making tool and processes

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to adopt and implement a bi-weekly report on progress, and also conduct bi-weekly workshop
  - [rationale] Majority of members felt this was important for the Guild in terms of operations
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Guillermo suggested that all core members of the Guild should be available for a discussion on tool development
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project by conecting them with Celeste's team (Audio to text AI DF awarded project) [assignee] Guillermo [due] 8 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] WaKa & Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] WaKa, Rojo [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to share his evaluation doc for the Writer's WG with the R&D Guild [assignee] Kenichi [due] 29 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Kenichi to create a basic explanatory document on his initiatives for the Ambassador program website and present it in the next meeting  [assignee] Kenichi [due] 29 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to write down a short response on the concerns that was presented on Q2 budget for the guild. [assignee] Duke [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guilermo to ideate to see how Vasu cam collaborate with guild members on project [assignee] Guillermo [due] 29 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Colleen to email Guillermo on her gaming proposal for it to be added to the next meeting's agenda [assignee] Colleen [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Lord_Kizzy to meet up and have a discussion on creating a Github board repository for the guild  [assignee] Guillermo, lord kizzy [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Ayo to draft out a report on how he could contribute to the Guild  [assignee] Ayo [due] 29 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, Meeting Summaries, Budget Request, Q2 budget, Social media Dashboard, social media, agenda creation, GitHub, Workshop, Introductory task, Evaluation criteria
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming, Friendly

### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen, Vanessa [documenter], Vanessa, Stephen, André, Gorga Siagian, Clement Umoh, Ayo, synjesman, Jenn, Onize, lord kizzy, Photogee, hogantuso, esewilliams, nicknick, daniel effiom
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Q2 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1d9j-IPA0wary0EdR8YIoKl1BF0mAtkV_dgTs0hSnzAs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Draft AI ethics doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MIItGDkPIBMA6x-_rvIaWvpRE_sKkkz9TdEhao_MVwM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [LLM development - Data loading and preprocessing](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/LLM-Development/blob/main/Colab/Data_Loading_and_Preprocessing.ipynb)
  - [LLM development - Vector store creation and similarity search](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/LLM-Development/blob/main/Colab/Vector_Store_Creation.ipynb)
  - [SNET Archive AI features (draft of possible features an AI tool might have)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LROsgVAQ9fQbNgMRK5qMI8q8KYsN-rGI-Gq9lvXAN5w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/162)
  - [draft Q3 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Archives WG answers for Gamers Guild Roblox game ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o9eFS9xUV0LFjGyHgalLL9t7XpL-gUIzZbQfuzEt_kc/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Decision Items:
- RE competition for best meeting summary: the winning meeting summary is Knowledge Base WG esp 15th May meeting. Archives WG was 2nd and R&D was 3rd but they cannot win
  - [rationale] Criteria that were used were: content of summary matches tasks; decision rationale and opposing arguments are included; working docs have been added
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Duke to create a video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board, based on Stephen's training session - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116   Still needs to be shared [assignee] duke peter [due] 12 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre to add the Q1 quarterly report to Ambassador GitBook when ready [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 29 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] All to add comments to AI ethics doc async [assignee] all [due] 12 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to start writing guide on how to make a doc community-owned - i.e. a process for how to work with a doc to avoid stuff like deleting it, deleting comments, etc - still writing [assignee] Vanessa [due] 12 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre, Clement and Lord_Kizzy to pick 2 "best meeting summary" winners from early June summaries, which they will share at next meeting on 12th June - see this issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/152 [assignee] SucrenSpice, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh [due] 12 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Andre to draft a doc on Ubio's work, to help Ekemini and Ese create a presentation for TH See this issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/150 [assignee] André [due] 12 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to sort out how we split up the work on the Backlog to hand it over to the rest of the team. Interested: Onyeka, Ayo, Clement, Onize, Jenn, Photogree, Gorga [assignee] Vanessa [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Stephen to invite Ekemini to github @Tabintel  and he and Ese to liaise outside the meeting re presentation on Ubio's work [assignee] Stephen, Ekemini Samuel, esewilliams [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to invite Photogee to discord chat re tag taxonomy, so we can progress the TH presentation about it with Ese, Onyeka and Ekemini [assignee] Vanessa [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to start a draft quarterly report [assignee] Vanessa [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to DM Duke about his video walkthru of the project board [assignee] Vanessa [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa or Sucre to post something in a public Discord channel - probbaly Ambassador-General - to share about the "Good Meeting Summaries" competition and that Tevo won this time [assignee] Vanessa, SucrenSpice [due] 5 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: document management, github board, AI ethics, Ethics, ethics of AGI, Town Hall presentation, good meeting summaries, LLMs, LLM development, AI tooling, open source
- emotions: positive, Friendly, Organised

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, Clement Umoh, Photogee, osmium, WaKa, Billy, esewilliams, malik, Onize, kateri, Ayo
- Purpose: - Onboarding WG mentorship  discussion - blueprints for ACP and Education Guild  - process for ACP implementation  - process for saving artifacts such as infos, vids and quizzes - resolve nunet 
- Working Docs:
  - [List of Ambassador Program DeepFunding proposals ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jrOKJK2BrrS4Z5vLNyQqTxgJpt85ny0YsQ2kCuzPCog)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Onboarding WG mentorship  discussion by Billy
-  blueprints for ACP and Education Guild
-  process for ACP implementation 
- process for saving artifacts basically the infos,vids and quizzes
- resolve nunet 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- Then he highlighted the agenda for today's meeting 
- Billy discussed his concerns regarding onboarding wg mentorship 
- Slate highlighted that we would be needing a process for creation of  blueprints for ACP and Education Guild, which at the end was agreed to be group creation and opening the doc for comments 
- osmium gave updates from the review team side 
- Slate also mentioned that we would be needing a way to secure these artificats that we have created for ACP most importantly the videos to a safe and permanent place 
- In that there was a suggestion of posting the videos on youtube as a unlisted  playlist 
- Slate notified Waka regarding his missing video on Nunet 
- Then Slate discussed that we would also be needing a process for the implementation of ACP on Google Classroom which was initially meant to be a job for two people with a assigned activity list 

#### Decision Items:
- ACP and Education Guild Blueprint 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Securing ACP Videos [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 5 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Google Classroom process implementation activity list  [assignee] Slate [due] 5 June 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, Google Classroom, processes, Blueprints , implementation, unlistedvideos, Nunet, GroupforBlueprintsz
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, lord kizzy, André, Ayo, esewilliams, Effiom, hogantuso, Onize, Gorga Siagian
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/OtCQb3Gvf24)
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?share_link_id=819033103692)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Review organized and reviewed items - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewing SNET Ambassador Program - Webpage https://singularitynet.io/ambassador-program/
- We had conflicting views on how relevant it is an item to demonstrating how we recognize the value.
- Mostly everyone agreed to reasons and locations for this item

#### Decision Items:
- We added an Item under the Agent Model under the guiding questions of "what services we offer" and "what are our limitations"
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] 8 new Items have been added to the Miro Task Board to be organized [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Retrospective on organizing process and async results - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How do we resolve conflicting views?

#### Decision Items:
- We achieved good enough results to async to proceed with the current model.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Conflicting Reviews are decided by simple majority.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Review only conflicting items in future collective review sessions [status] todo
- [action] Gather for collective practice every now and then [status] todo
- [action] Next session, continue discussions on documenting the process and making it easier to follow [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Elegant next steps - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Initiate one of the previous next steps to try use LLM to sort our items

#### Action Items:
- [action] Let's prompt engineer ourselves a result next session, where input is the item, and output is the the list and rationale where item belongs [status] todo

### LatAm Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], Ines [documenter], Guillermo, Ines, Natalia Gonzalez, Andrea Dekovic, Martin Rivero, Daniela Alves, Valentin Aliendro, Nicola Salvagni, Jean Carlos Aguilar, Ale Marin, Tomas Octavio
- Purpose: Introduction of the Program
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/mp3Emr678Hk?si=AwS6JMgLuM8lluAK)
- Working Docs:
  - [Quiero ser parte del programa de @SNET_Latam Ambassadors / Quero fazer parte do programa @SNET_Latam Ambassadors](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0GlWHDiGiSCc1-eM1M2kypdqrm7KQUvxb6j1C3uCtAIVQ1w/viewform?usp=sf_link)
  - [TH#1 _ LATAM AMBASSADORS GUILD _ 280524](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1c8esdbhaD5t5nsWKvjEsKlSjP2idDH3eC9EtLa9_tnU/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Strategy Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
The first meeting for the regional expansion of the Ambassador program for the LATAM region was a small success, with 11 participants and a strong sense of community.
After a short introduction and a small personal presentation of those present we start with the meeting agenda.

In this introductory meeting, we share with the community the proposal voted and approved by the global community of ambassadors. We went through the objectives and strategy for this starting phase.


The tools used by the community were presented, Discors, Dework and the Oracle archive




#### Decision Items:
- Beginning Onboarding evaluation and selection of members
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Evaluate the execution of workshops on the tools used by the community [assignee] Guillermo [due] 21 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Onboarding Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
The onboarding strategy was communicated to those present and the next steps to follow in the formation of the core contributors team for this initial stage were proposed, onboarding evaluation and selection.


At the end of the meeting, the onboarding form for the LATAM regional expansion program was shared.



#### Decision Items:
- Beginning Onboarding evaluation and selection of members
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Edit Onboarding form and perform an update on two languages, Spanish and Portuguese [assignee] Guillermo [due] 23 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Marketing Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
Marketing efforts at the moment are based on generating documentation for meetings and calls, as the sub WG and assigned tasks are formed, the efforts will address other needs.


#### Decision Items:
- Beginning Onboarding evaluation and selection of members
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Agenda item 4 - Education Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
The need was established for Initial documentation translated into Spanish to begin educating members on the forms and methodologies of the program. 


#### Decision Items:
- We develop the titles by priority and agree on the translation work to be shared in the next meetings.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Selection of documents and translation  [assignee] Guilermo, Ines [due] 24 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Governance, Meeting Summaries, Onboarding, Budget , Roles, Collaboration
- emotions: Collaborative, Friendly, Thoughtful , funny , entertaining
- other: All beginnings are challenging and full of responsibility, we hope to achieve the objectives


## Thursday 30th May 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: lord kizzy [facilitator], duke peter [documenter], lord kizzy, duke peter, LadyTempestt, Cjfrankie, Ayo, Vanessa, SucrenSpice, kateri, Colleen, Photogee, Onize, Gorga Siagian, esewilliams, daniel effiom
- Purpose: Weekly meeting discussing how to onboard people to the Ambassador program
- Working Docs:
  - [Onboarding Sessions survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdq9FMJ7-kmh2ElWglAjPHZko5Ra7DjixeW8yHjZSNFgJ0hoA/viewform)
  - [Getting Started Channel doc ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context setting for Core Contributor decision on the name of the decisonmaking role in the Ambassador Program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Mtt9S7X59hzm_InMd5Xm2po7Bj1HNQgw5Fib9Ia6fM/edit)
  - [Onboarding WG skills assessment / skills audit doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rcw-52w7-pZLjVKZXxPbrkm3P2ysXh6AgVJhnl7O3mg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding Workgroup Treasury session video, April 18th, 2024](https://youtu.be/Um7Zv5F9TyA?si=0kod7HN-2_h8suHn)
  - [Onboarding Slides voiceover video](https://youtu.be/ceOAl7ObJVU?si=3FN9EmfheGwlA1Tj)
  - [Suggestions towards better onboarding processes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EZ6wkFrAi2YXfRJE_PBRMZt1mcFTOA_yfVKQmAwGOME/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes from the last meeting and action items
- Onboarding Journeys update 
- Getting started doc/channel
- Skills audit 
- Video and text documentation of onboarding processes
- Further discussion of feedback from 16th May Onboarding session. We covered: Can we use our skills audit doc to support onboarding - e.g. by identifying core skills that everyone needs in the ambassadors program overall? How do we bridge the translation barriers for new ambassadors in getting-started channel and onboarding? Should part of each onboarding meeting be a mini "onboarding Q&A"? Would it be more helpful to share our existing resources - e.g. the voiceover video of the onboarding slides? Do we need to reach out to leaders of workgroups to ask them to direct new members to the getting-started channel?

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to discuss the Q2 survey properly after the form closes on 31st May 2024 - so next meeting, 6th June
  - [rationale] Analysis is in progress
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to reach out to translators WG and LatAm for translating onboarding resources such as Getting Started
  - [rationale] because we are aware there might be language barriers
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed on “pinning”/sharing the onboarding video by Duke https://youtu.be/ceOAl7ObJVU?si=3FN9EmfheGwlA1Tj
  - [rationale] because it's a useful resource that new people might not be aware of; and because more async/self-paced resources might help
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed Duke will facilitate the next meeting on 6th June
  - [rationale]  as Peter is on the roster but may not be free to do it.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Lord Kizzy to re-do the summary from the Onboarding session on 16th, and add to the meeting summary tool [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 30 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to add minutes from 9th May to the summary tool. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 30 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lord Kizzy to chase Hogan Tuso to ask if he is still available to give the May 28th Town Hall updates from our WG. (He was, and he did!) [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 26 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Everyone to add their skills to the skills audit doc, including new people who have not yet done so [assignee] all [due] 6 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre to give the onboarding tag to Hogan Tuso. [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 24 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] LadyTempestt to mentor Onize on giving the TownHall updates from the onboarding group for June [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 24 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Onize to give Town Hall update for the WG on 25th June [assignee] Onize [due] 25 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to rewrite text in Getting Started to remove the Introductory Task, which has been discontinued [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 6 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Clement to add text to Getting Started doc about new WGs that started in Q2 (Africa guild, LatAm guild, AI Ethics, Moderators [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 6 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Everyone to add comments to the Suggestions Towards Better Onboarding Processes document which Ayo created. [assignee] all [due] 6 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] LadyTempestt to add details of one particular conversation to Ayo's suggestions towards better Onboarding Processes document. [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 6 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- We need to figure out how to direct people more reliably to the getting-started channel, as sometimes they are missing it

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Onboarding Journeys
- Skills audit
- Onboarding Sessions Survey
- Suggestions towards better Onboarding Processes document

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: skills audit, Getting Started, Translation, Town Hall update, mentorship, onboarding processes, new workgroups
- emotions: interesting, interactive, expository, Friendly


## Friday 31st May 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], killy [documenter], lord kizzy, hogantuso, AndrewBen, malik, Slate, kateri, daniel effiom
- Purpose: weekly updates 
#### Discussion Points:
- More updates on the Zealy platform.
- malik, as the task manager, provided weekly task updates.
- slate, as our social media manager, gave weekly updates on our socials.
- weekly updates from the town hall editor.
- lord kizzy gave us updates on the task assignment for the video workgroup members.

#### Decision Items:
- lord kizzy is to reach out to devon to create a group of tests and training for our candidates
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 2 members from our workgroup will serve as a reveiwer and the other as communicator for the Zealy program

#### Action Items:
- [action] Creation of a group for test and training for our two candidates to serve as our reveiwer and communicator for the Zealy progeam [assignee] lord kizzy, devon [due] 28 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, new people, Videomaking, Task Assignment, Zealy, training, tests
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, positive, speedy

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, devon, Nebula1224, Ines, Slate, Onize, kateri
- Purpose: Zealy update, community page, WWG Twitter page manager.
- Other media: [Link](https://zealy.io/cw/singularitynetambassadorsprogram/invite/k3tYhGdB-qpvUQfmjubl8)
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET WWG-TEST](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Cjfrankie - New Article Suggestion for the Scribblers](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SKuUO-RkYsfJbGJHgbbOSQKMscv5Gzg8HBcdGarKCJc/edit)
  - [AI Cryptography: Enhancing-security-and-privacy-in-the-digital-age](https://medium.com/@singularitynetambassadors/ai-cryptography-enhancing-security-and-privacy-in-the-digital-age-db5c1bbf5fdb)

#### Narrative:
The meeting started with Kenichi welcoming everyone to the meeting. 

Kenichi announced that the WWG Q2 budget increase proposal has been approved.

Kenichi shared a quick rundown of the Medium article performances. Clearly, our article from last year, “AI Cryptography,” is still gaining ground.

Then Kenichi shared his screen as we explored the readers' interest in AI Cryptography. Kenichi suggested that we write articles based on readers' interest, to enable the WG to reach more people via Medium.

Kenichi shared updates from the Zealy side of things. Currently, we have 65 Zealy participants, and the sprint is ending in a few days!

Discussion on finding someone to manage the WWG Spanish X page
Inés said she would take the responsibility.

Discussion on Kenichi’s vision for the WWG community page: this community page will enable Scribblers to share more diverse articles outside of the SNET Ambassador Program niche.

Cjfrankie shared some article topics for the Scribblers.



#### Decision Items:
- We decided to create a new channel for the Scribes; this channel will enable anyone to track the Scribe activities; however, they can only view the channel but cannot send messages. 
  - [rationale] To enhance openess and fairness and to keep everyone abreast of what the Scribes are working on.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that Inés would be the WWG Spanish page manager.
  - [rationale] Since she is a native speaker, she could potentially help us reach a wider audience. 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Before now, only the Scribes suggested quests for Zealy sprints; we decided that Scribbler(s) should be a part of the Zealy exercise, so they can submit quest ideas moving forward.
  - [rationale] To make it more inclusive for everyone who has an idea to share.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Inés to chase Mikasa to get insider tips on managing the Spanish X page. [assignee] Ines [status] in progress
- [action] Kenichi to chase Peter for the creation of the Scribe channel. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 1 January 1 [status] todo
- [action] Cjfrankie to share his article suggestions on the WWG channel. [assignee] Cjfrankie  [due] 31 May 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Scribe channel, Q2 KPI, Q3 budget, Twitter management, Onboarding, Zealy, Medium, Native speakers, Spanish
- emotions: Welcoming, Friendly, interactive, Discursive