---
description: Mon 4th Nov - Sun 10th Nov 2024
---

# Week 45

## Monday 4th November 2024



### Strategy Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Photogee [**facilitator**], Cjfrankie  [**documenter**], Ayo, Photogee, Eric Davies, LordKizzy, Effiom, kateri, martinsoki, Mikasa, AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh
- **Purpose:** Biweekly meeting of the Strategy Guild

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?gid=1268899826#gid=1268899826)
  - [The Strategy Guild Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1FVYpm_Q1r97pK8h1PdKX-ntyvDozv2d1GXYr-BNy8hA/edit)

#### Narrative:
Kick-off: Photogee welcomed everyone with a warm greeting, and then we tackled the action items from the last meeting. Effiom shared an update on the status of the "strategy core" and "strategy member" Discord tags. He stated that the tags haven’t taken effect because there’s still a back-and-forth issue that needs to be fixed. He hinted that at the next meeting or workshop, he’d give an update on the status.

Budget Fitting: Momentarily, we had a budget fitting walkthrough by Effiom; some deliverables will be moved to Q1 2025 and there will only be 1 workshop session in Q4, while a few things are removed to fit the budget. 

Q4 Task Roster & Async Follow-up: Ayo took to the stage and assured everyone with their names on the roster of getting a task in Q4. We also discussed what to do with members who haven’t been showing up for meetings; Ayo added that we can swap those names with active members who would like to take up tasks. We also discussed Q3 workshop follow-up. These groups of people will attend WG meetings of marketing guild, video workgroup, and writers workgroup, and collect information about what strategy was adopted in the workgroup from the last strategy guild workshop and how it’s going. To this effect, we have Photogee and Ese to take on the Q3 workshop follow-up while Cjfrankie and Mikasa take on the Q4 workshop follow-up.

More on Workshops: We have decided that there will be only one workshop session in Q4, focusing on R&D Guild and Education Guild. These workshops will start next Monday (11th Nov) and run for 3 straight weeks. Cjfrankie and Mikasa are to attend both the R&D and the Education guild meetings, and ask them to select three members that will represent them well.

Research Update: Effiom shared an update on the research he’s working on about what people in the Ambassador Program think about Strategy Guild. The survey form is complete and is ready to be sent out to gather responses from community members. He sought feedback on the survey and encouraged members to check out the form and add comments.

Looking Ahead: As Q4 wraps up, we looked forward to having a promising Q1 in 2025. Ayo said the strategy guild welcomes research ideas, initiatives, workshops, and collaboration from members. As a matter of finality, he added that Q1 2025 won’t only be about facilitation and documentation. Rather, it’s about strategy stuff.

AOB: The AOB session was led by Ayo, who sought two people who would liaise with the marketing guild for their content calendar — if we have any content for the socials, the idea is to have two people who would be in close communication with the marketing guild for proper scheduling of posts.


#### Decision Items:
- We have decided to hold only one workshop session in Q4. This workshop will focus on the R&D guild and education guild.

  - [**rationale**] The initial plan was to have two sessions in Q4, but after the budget was fitted, we saw that this was no longer feasible.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] 
Cjfrankie and Mikasa to attend R&D and Education guild meetings and have them select three members that will represent their WGs in the forthcoming workshop session.
 [**assignee**] Cjfrankie, Mikasa [**due**] 11 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Photogee to chase Ese Williams to see whether she’d be up for workshop 1 async follow-up. [**assignee**] Photogee [**due**] 11 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom to send out the research survey on the 5th of November to gather responses. [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 11 November 2024 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** content calendar, Workshop, Budget fitting, R&D guild, Education Guild, Task roster, Async follow up, survey, Q1 2025 projections, Marketing Guild, Discord tags
- **emotions:** funny, resourceful, informative, speedy, looking-ahead, forward-looking



### GitHub PBL WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], AndrewBen, Effiom, Evelyn, LadyTempestt, Tevo, Onize, AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, Sucre n Spice
- **Purpose:**  We are creating a PBL course on Andamio about GitHub features and use cases to manage 


- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764603174894132&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link]( )
- **Working Docs:**
  - [GitHub PBL Structure](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764601828301755&cot=10)
  - [WG Stuffs form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwIsf_GS29MAjQSzpnDYv_X1yejNRjn6Gjt2othqtiXAFhAg/viewform)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Dework and rewards
- How to add people to GitHub Project Board? - email is required and can probably get email through their zoom registration for meetings
- What do we do async until the next meeting?
- Research existing lessons first
- Google Doc drafts for the lessons
- Test it on GitHub


#### Agenda item 2 - GitHub PBL structure and lessons - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We went through suitable lessons and ideas: Onboarding questions, Module titles/description, Introduction to GitHub, Learning requirements, etc. More details on the GitHub WG Miro board.
- What information could overlap?
- Should we include a feedback form? It didn’t necessarily bring back feedback with Dework PBL
- Possibly change the location of the feedback form for visibility's sake.
- Rating at the end of each module; Feedback form at the end of the course.
- Form link to sign up for drafting or reviewing lessons and using Andamio

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to use feedback forms, but attach them at the end of the course, and add a reminder about the feedback form at the end of every module. 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will reward feedback per person, not per feedback, and have a fixed reward.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo, Gorga, Sucre, Onize, and Love to draft lessons in google docs and share them in WG Discord channel. [**assignee**] Tevo, Sucre n Spice, Gorga Siagian, Onize, LadyTempestt [**due**] 30 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Github PBL members need to fill out the Google form at https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwIsf_GS29MAjQSzpnDYv_X1yejNRjn6Gjt2othqtiXAFhAg/viewform to register for GitHub stuff so they can get Andamio access [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Andamio updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- The Andamio App is only currently built for desktop browsers and isn’t mobile friendly. It says "stay tuned for updates about the development of the Andamio Mobile App".
- Use Discord to log in
- Things to be aware of: edits done at same time will lead one version to be lost, and Don't update lessons if you are NOT assigned to it.
- Do we want extra events using Gimbalabs Extra Playground?
- To bring different students and course creators together to share the work they do, how they do it and experiences.
- We will reward documentation of learning from New Ideas Budget 

#### Decision Items:
- We will not have extra sessions with Gimbalabs for now.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create Andamio Accounts [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] assign Creator roles (James from Gimbalabs) [**assignee**] James Dunseith [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** WG Management, GitHub PBL Structure, Andamio, mobile-friendly, Collaboration, gimbalabs, Lessons, github board, Feedback Form
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Deliberative, progressive, decisive



### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], Colleen, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, PeterE, Duke, Onize, CollyPride, Aetherblade, LadyTempestt, Sucre n Spice, AshleyDawn, PeeGee, Clement Umoh, advanceameyaw, Effiom
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the AI Ethics Workgroup 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2)
  - [Q1 2025 budget caps](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/101ZldCCqnZFaSAuZ0GEcgNl-ctWI-jKgsBJuILV9Zn8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG Quarterly report: quarter 4 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qX06HtyTIO-a_jEpp8XnaO-V9RHvfAPt16cx2K3o8iw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Final AI Ethics WG budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19JPcJTBLct0xeGhVnxNEnsaoXqkE9SKMjWnwAqZ7GRI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [BeGIN Interviewers' Handboook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UZTzjgQQvz1bIkB1_ZZR--qyJTfTIGAJSfajD8nmIl4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
We went through the issues on the GitHub Project Board.

Q3 & Q4 Individual Interviews Updates: 
- Even when people have completed their interviewing, the Issues need to stay in "In Progress" until the BeGIN/Nexus team have had a chance to review them and ensure they meet the validity criteria.
 - LadyTempestt will nudge those who haven't yet given updates in their respective github issues: Ese, Gorga, Kevin, Vasu, Advancemeyaw, Yemi (who might have dropped out of the Program temporarily).
 - Vani to tot up people's total expenses, and add it to the total to be paid in each Issue.
 - Jenn has been really busy elsewhere, and has not responded to queries about her planned interviews; so we can reallocate her interviewing budget to other people. We will also check whether anyone else apart from Jenn is dropping out; so we will find out async, and reassign budget to those who want to take on more interviews.

AGI-24 conference payments:
- Esther is still working to resolve how these payments (which are coming directly from the Foundation rather than via the WG budget) will be paid - people invoice directly, or money paid to Treasury and processed like a normal Ambassador Program payment?
- Backup plan - look for one person who is able to invoice for all of it, and distribute it to others
 - Vani suggests mentioning this problem in our Q4 2024 quarterly report. Although it is nobody's fault, the uncertainty and delay on payments has lost us goodwill, both for the WG and for the Ambassador Program as a whole, especially since some of those who worked on it were new to the Program.

GEI/BeGIN Open Office meetings documentation, Q3 - Jenn hasn't finished the task. Last meeting we said we would check if recordings were available and reassign the work - but on reflection, the task is not a priority, so it won't be reassigned, and the Q3 Issue will be closed and Jenn paid for the work she has done. In Q1 2025, we are no longer planning to document the Open Office meetings, as they're informal and rarely involve any decisions or action items.

AI Ethics Forum moderation - Clement gave a quick update on some of the interesting topics covered in the forum, and suggested people have a read! He will give an update in his Issue, to include in the Quarterly Report.

Co-Chair Mentee (Clement): Clement has worked with Vani on writing the Q1 2025 budget; and he has taken a lead on planning and managing the survey-sharing task. He said it was quite challenging at first to shape what the role should cover, but he came up with a list of things he is interested in doing in this position, including knowledge management, and working with Esther and LeeLoo on the interview process. Vani mentioned that we are planning to include some Knowledge Management planning as part of the Q1 2025 budget. We also clarified that the aim of the co-chair mentee role is to learn about BeGIN and Workgroup leadership, and for the mentee to then create an ongoing role for themselves, as Colleen did in Q3 with her focus on community engagement. 

Community Engagement Manager - Colleen gave a quick update: participation in the "Death By AI" game dropped a little because she was unavailable due to illness - but Advanceameyaw has stepped up as her backup. Colleen and Vani will have a DM conversation about ideas for the "community event" that is in the budget for this Quarter - we could approach Vasu and Kizzy re collaboration with AI Sandbox/Think Tank? Colleen will add an update in the GitHub issue on progress/direction before next meeting.

Esther and Vani are writing an Interviewers' Handbook based on the training session and the validity criteria for interviews, which is almost done and ready to use. A draft is in "Working docs" for this meeting.

Q1 2025 Budget: 
 - Meeting facilitation will be folded into the Co-Chair role, so will not need an additional budget line
 - We have agreed not to document GEI/BGI Nexus Open Office meetings any more
 - We will focus on interview transcription in Q1, which will be done by the interviewers. Transcripts will need checking / proofreading - but (unless AGIX price rises significantly) this will be pushed to Q2 2025, as there's probably not sufficient budget to do it in Q1.
 - We will budget for around 30 interviews being transcribed in Q1 (not the whole 45 that we will have by then) and agreed to price it at $35 per interview
 - Interview coding: we might not get to this during Q1 - TBD whether to have a budget line for it this Quarter - maybe just some kind of planning meetings or ideation 
 - We will keep our budget for new interviews small (suggest 5 interview-hours, or 10 interviews) and perhaps raising it to $30 per interview
 - Survey-sharing might not be a priority, so a small budget or not at all, but will aim to pick it up again in Q2
 - Ideation meetings on attracting donors to BeGIN Nexus - we will keep it to 3 people from the WG having 2 meetings with the BeGIN team
 - Knowledge management - ideally there will be some budget for it in Q1- the WG Admin Team will discuss async exactly what's needed here.
 


#### Decision Items:
- We won't try to reassign the task of documenting Q3 Open Office meetings. We will close the Github Issue (which is assigned to Jenn) and pay Jenn for the meetings she did document. Any remaining budget will go back into the WG pot.
  - [**rationale**] There might not be any recordings available to work from; and we agree the task isn't a priority.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Documenting GEI/BGI Nexus Meetings will discontinued in Q1. Any important issues that emerge in an Open Office can be brought to a WG meeting.
  - [**rationale**] The Open Office meetings are informal, with not a lot of decisionmaking or action items; so no need to continue documenting them separately.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Jenn's allotted funding for Q3 interviewing will go back into the WG budget and be reassigned to others who are able to do interviewing
  - [**rationale**] Jenn is no longer involved with the Ambassador program due to being too busy with other things
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to create individual issues on GitHub Project Board for people doing Survey Sharing 
 [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 11 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Admin Team members to update their GitHub issues with their progress and any future plans, for inclusion in Q4 quarterly report [**assignee**] CollyPride, Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, Clement Umoh [**due**] 28 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Love to chase interviewers who were not present today and who haven't yet given updates in their GitHub Issues: Gorga, Kevin, Vasu, Advancemeyaw, Yemi [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 2 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Based on responses from interviewers, Vani will check the overall budget and reassign to those who want to do more interviews (Onize, Clement) [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 18 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to tot up interviewers' total expenses, and add it to the total to be paid in each Issue. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 31 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All to add comments to draft budget and draft quarterly report before the submission date of 25th Nov [**assignee**] all [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Rewards, survey sharing, interviewing, interviewers handbook, co-chair mentee, mentorship, community events, AI Think-Tank, Collaboration, transcription, AI Ethics forum, AGI-24, Q1 2025 budget, Q4 2024 report, expenses, Death by AI, game
- **emotions:** Friendly, Casual, Collaborative, forward-looking, inclusive


## Tuesday 5th November 2024


### LatAm Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], SergioBenaR [**documenter**], guillermolucero, SergioBenaR
- **Purpose:** @SNET_LatAm Program for the X space #3: "Biotechnology, Transhumanism / Rejuve-AI"
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01JBZ5AQ7Y7670G0ZPYE3XQASN)
- **Transcript:** [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01JBZ5AQ7Y7670G0ZPYE3XQASN)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [#2 Update y noticias del ecosistema](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M6MSuG-lfKjo72GqaDk58iNijQVygaT6JCzlaTjAS-s/edit?usp=drive_link )
  - [Q4 X space program SNET_Latam](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tpwc9rlUrwGQgcN-ZY5J4KIFdQoTM7XShF4RUByZoo0/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [XSpace #3 > 14/11/2024 Biotecnología. Transhumanismo / Rejuve-AI](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AY_IgD0nB9gFVrQHiQCqvOWxvMA759Db-_EXV5LCAgw/edit?tab=t.0)

#### Agenda item 1 - Communications SubGroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
Martín and Sergio were in charge of the second X space of SNET_LatAm entitled "ecosystem update and news", which took place on Thursday, October 24, according to the program for Q4. They met to establish each point to be developed, the duration, the topics, the order and the assignment, which was presented during this meeting.


#### Decision Items:
- The second X-Space of the SNET_Latam community took place on Thursday, October 24, with the theme of “Ecosystem Update and News”

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Call2action for X Space include bullet points [**assignee**] SergioBenaR, guillermolucero [**due**] 12 noviembre 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Develop programm on detail [**assignee**] Martin Rivero, Daniela Alves, inesgav [**due**] 14 noviembre 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** content calendar, X spaces, Meeting Summaries
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Strategic, Task-focused, teamwork




### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** EstherG [**facilitator**], Onize [**documenter**], Onize, EstherG, AshleyDawn, CallyFromAuron, Duke, Clement Umoh, Aetherblade, osmium
- **Purpose:** Fortnightly Open Office meeting led by BeGIN (formerly known as the Global AI Ethics Initiative or GEI)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [BeGIN Overview and current status](https://drive.google.com/file/d/18zNfkBZtD60GeSMi5Dd2SRqFKLSfbzJt/view?usp=sharing)
  - [Ubuntu and AI Drive Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a-JSaHCu_1iQ3BoxX6HkWSOQGopKDub3?usp=drive_link)
  - [BEGIN Partnership Proposal for Phase 2 of Ubuntu and AI](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WNVejHYjd_pBMBNf0ZFmEzobwM7E6bC1tqu3cBbRSak/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [FINAL AI Ethics WG budgets ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19JPcJTBLct0xeGhVnxNEnsaoXqkE9SKMjWnwAqZ7GRI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Discussion Points:
- Updates on the Status of the BeGIN research project (see https://drive.google.com/file/d/18zNfkBZtD60GeSMi5Dd2SRqFKLSfbzJt/view)

- A potential partnership with African guild for the next Ubuntu and AI project: Duke gave a run-through of phase 2 of the Ubuntu and AI project, and explained the partnership proposal from African Guild (see "BEGIN Partnership Proposal for Phase 2 of Ubuntu and AI" doc). Suggestions were made around the budget for the partnership and how funds could be better sourced for the events in Ubuntu and AI

 - Vasu raised an idea for taking interviews or surveys for BeGIN during the forthcoming Bangkok event and it was welcomed for him to do so.

- Workgroup budget planning ahead of submission later this month

- Esther working hard to find out the process behind payments for AGI-24 from the Foundation; there is progress in the conversations she was having with the HR team

- Vani brought up the idea of noting down all the upcoming events to prevent last-minute hassle of bringing in people from the ambassador program and enable a strategy to plan the events or hosting. “What kind of events do we look out for in the future? Are people going to blockchain and AI events?”  It's best to think of where people are, rather than sending people to distant locations, because of the cost varying across countries, so Esther suggested that funding should be geared more to people located in the countries over sending people to countries where the events are.

 - Grant funding: A suggestion came up for partners to apply for grants but basically the foundation will come up with a way to create a sustainable way around funding for the events 
Duke spoke of how he’s applied for grants and reached out to policy makers and government bodies to accelerate the spread of AI in Africa but he’s mostly focused on the partnership with SingularityNET.
There is a funding issue because the project’s budget isn’t primarily its own.


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Events, funding, grants, budget, partnership, interviewing, Ubuntu and AI, African guild, AGI-24, sNET Foundation, Q1 2025 budget
- **emotions:** Insightful, brief, relaxed, collaborative


## Wednesday 6th November 2024




### Archives Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Stephen [QADAO] [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], André, CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], Onize, esewilliams, AshleyDawn, Slate, Effiom, lord kizzy, Sucre n Spice
- **Purpose:** Regular fortnightly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [SNET Archive AI features (draft of possible features an AI tool might have)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LROsgVAQ9fQbNgMRK5qMI8q8KYsN-rGI-Gq9lvXAN5w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Docs management tool](https://snet-doc-manager.netlify.app/#)
  - [New Summary Tool Features](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wxziaDEdMdYeiqv0ecuuygHgfd9a9F18odje_2qaT7g/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [today's meeting issue ](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/216)

#### Decision Items:
- RAG workflow documentation: see issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/175 - we noted how quickly RAG technology is changing; and noted the importance of an open source ethos in how we approach it.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- André's tool development this month has included adding a template for AI Sandbox/Think Tank. 
He has also been working on implementing a dropdown controlled vocab for the names of meeting participants. Some time ago, we agreed that we should use people's Discord names for this, ("Archive name = Discord name), and André has been looking at using a Discord bot to gather them. However, we notice that "Archive name = Discord name" has not been working that well - documenters don't apply it consistently, and particularly for new documenters, they might not know someone's Discord name if their Zoom name is different, so it causes confusion. So we have decided to use the name by which people have been most consistently recorded in the Archives, whether or not it matches their Discord name, to minimise the amount of changes that need to be made.

André proposed the same approach as we plan to use for tags: it will be possible to add a new name, but it will not appear immediately in the tool but will need to be approved. This means that if a documenter accidentally adds a name for someone who is already there in the controlled vocab, we can fix it.

  - [**rationale**] to resolve a barrier to good documentation, and ensure people are discoverable in the Archives.
  - [**opposing**] none
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that in the Issue for our current (Q4 2024) budget https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/201, we said we would make some cuts to conform with budget fitting. 
This has been done, and as we've done in previous Quarters, we'll add something to the budget sheet on the right-hand side to show what changes were made.

We noted that the budget we submitted for Q4 was already severely cut, to try and address the low token price at the time - but we have still needed to make further cuts to conform to budget fitting. This has had an impact on the work we have been able to do. We noted that not all WGs did this in Q4 - some made little to no attempt to constrain the amount they asked for, and their high original budgets were perhaps intended to "give them something to cut". We note that the budget system we have at present basically incentivises workgroups to submit higher budgets than they need, in anticipation of budget fitting. 

This is obviously outside the scope of Archives WG to address, but we will raise it in Governance and/or Treasury; plus, we will mention it in our quarterly report.
  - [**rationale**] This issue has affected us strongly this Quarter, and is a shortcoming of the budget-fitting process, so we should mention our experience in Governance meetings.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- When looking at the monthly Archives issues, we noted that documenting DeepFunding Town Hall can slow down the process (sometimes timestamps are not great, and additional work needs to be done to document the sessions in a meaningful way).

We wondered if DF itself could make any further contribution to the work - e.g. by paying someone from the Town Hall team to add the documentation to the summary tool?

We might also need to discuss how the Archives dovetails with documentation that DF is doing itself, such as https://community.deepfunding.ai/


  - [**rationale**] We noted that it is good and important that the Archives isn't insular, and includes material from beyond just the Ambassador Program.
  - [**opposing**] We noted that it might not be easy for DF to fund this directly via the Ambassador Program treasury system - but possibly they could pay it directly themselves?
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- In relation to the above, we recognised that we might need to include a budget line in Q1 2025 to support collaboration outside the Ambassador Program
  - [**rationale**] to enable us to capture material from other areas of the ecosystem, and have a more wide-ranging Archives that demonstrates the links and connections between the Ambassador Program and other areas of the ecosystem.
  - [**opposing**] None as such, although it might be difficult to do this comprehensively and still keep to a reasonable budget amount. It might be more about outreach to different parts of the ecosystem to see how we can support them with recordkeeping.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Also while discussing the monthly Archives issues, we noted that the backlog for Governance WG is largely because documenting Governance meetings isn't an entry-level task, and requires quite a lot of understanding of the Program as a whole in order to understand what's being discussed.
We agreed to mention in our Q4 quarterly report that some meetings are harder/more complex to document than others. This could also be raised in the WG Sync call at the end of November, as it might be something that will influence how much different WGs budget for documentation.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We began discussing our budget for Q1 2025. As token price is still moderate to low, it will still need to be quite limited, and to focus on core development work. We plan to include work to build a dashboard to enable people to query the Archives corpus; and build on Ubio's work in Q3 on using AI to apply human generated tags; and we will perhaps aim to take a comparative research approach to looking at the value of AI tooling in a recordkeeping context - what *can* it do successfully, and what is better and more ethically approached using e.g. a database-type search? 

We also want to progress policy-writing - an AI ethics in recordkeeping policy, and an open-source policy.

  - [**rationale**] We note that this *is* an ethics issue if a RAG retrieval process cannot easily say if it doesn't know; cannot easily show its sources for verification; or cannot be fully constrained to a specific corpus.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116  - not yet completed, but Onyeka will add the completed video to the Issue as soon as possible, and if needed, we'll review it in our November meeting. [**assignee**] lord kizzy [**due**] 6 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Stephen to set a date, which will now be in November, for presenting the "Open-source paradigm" work at a TH, and let Peter know - this has been put back to November to give time to redesign the presentation in line with the Ambassador Program brand kit [**assignee**] Stephen [QADAO] [**due**] 29 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Sucre to finish updating Ambassador gitbook to reflect changes to the Onboarding process, by the end of the Quarter - done except for discussing with Peter whether to add something on Moderators WG. [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice, CallyFromAuron [**due**] 29 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Clement or Onyeka to announce the winners of the Good Meeting Summary prize some time in the coming week, and update the issue accordingly https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/191 [**assignee**] lord kizzy, Clement Umoh [**due**] 9 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Vani to check through Budget issues from previous Quarters (such as https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/73 and https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/131), which we keep open until all issues that are costed in that quarter are closed, and ensure that they can be moved to "Done". [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 21 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to start a draft Quarterly Report for this Quarter, and post it in the Issue here https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/214 for comments [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to draft Q1 budget, and post in the Issue here https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/218 for comments and suggestions [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ethics, ai ethics in recordkeeping, AI ethics, Q1 2025 budget, q4 2024 report, DeepFunding, Deepfunding Town Hall, Governance, documentation skills, Budget fitting, fairness, barriers to good documentation, controlled vocabulary, dropdown, Discord names, open source, open source ethos, RAG retrieval process, markdown, JSON, dashboard, archives search, Collaboration, Governance documentation, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem
- **emotions:** short, Discursive, complex issues, wide ranging, joining the dots, retrospective

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], LordKizzy, osmium, guillermolucero, AshleyDawn, AJ, AndrewBen, SubZero
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)
 - [Integration Follow Up meeting / Operations Meeting  _ 041124](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fP196O1E_Yn_stlxJIc_BqSwj6oipwMCvptRVqVxPjw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- R&D New Metta Coder lab 


#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Teams are currently working async on their projects and will give an update at the end of the month
- R&D Guild Metta Coder Lab  Initiative: Guillermo didn't have the chance to speack with the METTA team due to the event in Bangkok and he shared the full folder on the METTA libary: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1EpETWEyKp2EaEIHopotWb7kCkupCZ8KF?usp=sharing, we also had discussion on the early topics for the METTA initiative in Q1 2025
- Follow up on the CSDB: lordkizzy and guillermo hosted an async call with the teams to discuss on the integration of the CSDB, the WEB3 dashboard and the reputation system, here is a summary of the session: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fP196O1E_Yn_stlxJIc_BqSwj6oipwMCvptRVqVxPjw/edit?usp=sharing


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Guillermo to share the Hackathon pack to the R&D Guild channel [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 6 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to schedule a follow-up call with the teams to discuss the integrations of projects [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 6 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**]  CSDB team to finish and get ready for redeployment by 25th of NOV [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 13 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Tool Development, AI tooling, Deliverables, Presentation, Documentation, Operations, Metta, Metta Coder Lab, Collaboration Skills Database, Web3 dashboard, reputation, reputation system, integration, 
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy, Welcoming, Thoughtful, Friendly, Collaborative, productive



### LatAm Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], SergioBenaR [**documenter**], guillermolucero, SergioBenaR, Daniela Alves, Martin Rivero
- **Purpose:** @SNET_Latam Retrospective October 2024 - Deep Funding Town Hall Coordination / SNET_Latam Ambassadors Guild 
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01JC1SAQF03E391H2M150JS1ZY)
- **Transcript:** [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01JC1SAQF03E391H2M150JS1ZY)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Q4 X space program SNET_Latam](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tpwc9rlUrwGQgcN-ZY5J4KIFdQoTM7XShF4RUByZoo0/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [XSpace #3 > 14/11/2024 Biotecnología. Transhumanismo / Rejuve-AI](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AY_IgD0nB9gFVrQHiQCqvOWxvMA759Db-_EXV5LCAgw/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Q4 OPERACIONES @SNET_Latam Ambassadors November @Sergio _ 111124 ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jEFRpFAuKa6zNDeHupZrcsahicG-7Hc2LWxk4m2aXHI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [OPERACIONES @SNET_Latam Ambassadors November @Martin _ 111124 ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tji4Oc46OrjzcjAMUM3iNhf-IWzWEBVni6Z0I2yVZq4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q4 OPERACIONES @SNET_Latam Ambassadors November @Daniela _ 111124 ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WSsTfWlIIL_AUPibTz0tHSzxTlnIdHvS7CtBzqgdiY0/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Operations SubGroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
Recent challenges, such as Solana’s Copa America, were discussed and the team’s efforts were acknowledged. Guillermo emphasised the value of diversity of capabilities within the group, while Daniela Alves proposed modifications to the organisation of tasks to optimise team performance. The importance of improving communication and organisation was underlined, as was the need for all members to actively contribute. Sergio highlighted the need to establish a clearer structure for teamwork, in order to facilitate the achievement of long-term objectives. Martin Rivero reflected on his experience in the team, pointing out the need for open communication and clear organisation in order to contribute effectively. A system for recording individual contributions was proposed and outstanding issues from the previous quarter were addressed, emphasising the importance of continued commitment by all.


#### Decision Items:
- It was decided to implement a contribution tracking sheet for each member of the team. This sheet must be filled out every 15 days to stay up to date with all tasks and payments.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The follow-up forms must be completed by November 13, including the tasks of November 14, as is the case of the third X Space [**assignee**] SergioBenaR, guillermolucero, Martin Rivero, Daniela Alves [**due**] 13 noviembre 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Agenda item 2 - Communications SubGroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
Round 5 of DeepFunding is approaching. The LatAm Town Hall will be held on Thursday, November 7th and will be presented by Martín and Sergio. The callout for the hackathon organized by DeepFunding will be included, and the RFP related to OpenCog Hyperon that is currently in effect will also be mentioned.


#### Decision Items:
- Sergio and Martín will be in charge of Deep Funding's Town Hall #24 on Thursday, November 7th.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Martín and Sergio will coordinate the development of the Town Hall to cover all the points on the agenda found in the presentation provided by Guillermo. [**assignee**] SergioBenaR, Martin Rivero [**due**] 7 noviembre 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** content calendar, X spaces, DeepFunding, hackathon, RFPs, OpenCog Hyperon, LatAm Deepfunding Town Hall, contribution, contribution tracking, Solana, Copa America, diversity, communication, organisation
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Strategic, Task-focused, teamwork




### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], AJ, AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, esewilliams, Franklynstein, osmium, SubZero, Zalfred, Gorga Siagian, Kateri, Malik, merryman
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly meeting of Education guild, covering project-based updates
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Ai for Beginners Team ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e5vooqf-UacYMgm8oaiqImVk7PujpDbGDKgkVyI_zRs/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
-   Ai For Beginners 
-   CCCP (Core Contributors Certification Program)

-  Education Guild Website Wiki / CCCP Integration 


#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting by greeting everyone 
- Then after the introduction, we started having updates from different projects. 
Following are their discussions:
- Ai For Beginners 

Points to Note: 3 of the scripts are ready, sent to osmium for review and waiting for his approval before presentation to the group 

- CCCP (Certification Program)

Points to Note: 

Slate highlighted that the following people are top of the leaderboard:
1 - Sophia 
2 - Malik 
3 - Colleen

Then Ese shared that she has made announcements in TownHall about the certification program. She also said that announcements will be going out weekly till the end of the course, and weekly leaderboards will be shared every Friday.

Ese is also planning to give a presentation in the upcoming Town Hall for the Certification Program.
- Education Guild Website Wiki / CCCP Integration 

Points to Note: 

- Franklyn presented the design for the wiki website 
- There were a couple of suggestions regarding the design for the wiki website which included the following: 

Suggestion : Update the data 
Suggestion : Put education guild main stuff 
Suggestion : Gather the main data for sNET in a single page distributing them in products and technology 
Update the founding members 


- Osmium will be flying to the forthcoming event in Bangkok and will be networking with others there 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Slate to update the Ai for Beginners arrangement document  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 6 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Osmium to work on the Webinar Series Document  [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 6 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Franklyn and Gorga to update the Website pages  [**assignee**] Franklynstein, Gorga Siagian [**due**] 13 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Ese to make announcements regularly for CCCP till the deadline  [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 10 December 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** announcement, project updates, Wiki, education website, Town Hall, publicity, CCCP, core contributors, certification, AI for Beginners
- **emotions:** productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike.


## Thursday 7th November 2024


### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], Advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, Kateri, AshleyDawn, osmium, Gorga Siagian, SubZero, martinsoki, LordKizzy
- **Purpose:** Think-Tank session: theoretical debate on AI's impact on education 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Blueprint for AI sandbox/Think tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Agenda items: AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pp9oEkb3hWvVHxkLj8MJ3ySKWv05HCbJIUGaXFXBbfw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit)
  - [Presentation templates](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGTr2f8gW8/YWrjpheKKdAoifI9pjrbsQ/view?utm_content=DAGTr2f8gW8&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=editor)
  - [First Sandbox presentation](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGU_GoaEO4/ki_gr7RNZMpLqEtLLLIA8A/view?utm_content=DAGU_GoaEO4&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=editor)
  - [Agenda items for AI SANDBOX DEBATE ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zwb-XVr5Vj2itegnwalZzYA65Sxta3sKTBzTmys94-Q/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Meeting coordination and Introduction: Lord Kizzy welcomed everyone and explained the process of the debate. 
- Kateri started the debate with a brief introduction to the history of how technology has impacted education. She said that throughout history, each breakthrough in technology has improved education, from the printing press of the 15th century to the invention of the computer in the 20th century.
- 1. Personalized learning: From the proposition team, Kateri said that AI enables personalized learning, by tailoring educational content to the needs of individual students. This allows every student to progress at their own pace. She said that learning platforms like Coursera and Anhad Academy use AI algorithms to help recommend content that matches each user's learning space.

From the opposition team, Clement highlighted that AI lacks the depth of understanding to account for emotional and social factors that influence learning. He highlighted the story of Ben Carson, saying that AI cannot bring the actual solution anybody needs. He explained how education is not just about delivering information but about fostering curiosity, building problem-solving abilities, and emotional growth, which AI doesn't account for. He also stated that the educational platform Coursera just uses algorithms and thereby misses out students' unique strengths and challenges that human teachers would notice, and can even miss out the fact that the student failure can be due to emotional challenges faced in family or society.

- 2. Enhanced access to education: From the proposition team, Kateri said that AI can expand educational access to underdeveloped communities. Through AI platforms, students in rural areas can still gain access to high quality educational resources that were previously unavailable to them. This ensures that students all over the world have opportunities to learn from the same resources despite the language of the resources. She also said that AI tools like Google do not just make the resources available, but also conquer the problem of language barriers, so articles or videos being said or written in a language the reader doesn't understand can easily be translated to a language they know. 

From the opposition team, Clement raised the problem that most AI tools are internet connection dependent, and students or researchers in underdeveloped communities may not have good Internet access. He stated that although AI can remove language barriers to some extent, it will miss out the cultural context that a human teacher or human educator would have accounted for. He also stated that if a white person is developing AI tools to be used by Africans there will be a lot of bias, and it will fail to convey important cultural content.
- 3. Automating administrative tasks: From the proposition team, Advanceameyaw highlighted that every individual craves for automation, and it has existed for a long time. He noted that automation of administrative tasks like grading, scheduling and student management can be handled by AI tools like Gradescope or Google Classroom. He further said that if AI handles the administrative tasks, it will leave the teacher free to work on the students' emotional development, which will enhance the students' engagement, creativity and critical thinking among themselves.

From the opposition team, Clement highlighted that this point contradicts the proposition team's first argument. He said that AI's ability to focus on administrative tasks is a major benefit, but there is a huge rate depersonalizing educational experience. He also said that teachers being present is needed because otherwise, who do we ask questions of when we do not understand?
- 4. Risk of over-reliance on AI: From the proposition team, Advanceameyaw stated that AI is a tool and not a replacement for human interactions. When you see an AI tool doing all the task, it is not there to eliminate our critical thinking. He said that AI is human knowledge accumulated in silicon or in an application for us to assess -  we use AI to get the information that we need and then through our creative thinking we are able to work out that information and turn it to relevant data. 

From the opposition team, Gorga highlighted that over-reliance on AI is very risky. Clement added that there are studies that have demonstrated that AI is tampering with human creative thinking (for example, Zhai, C., Wibowo, S. & Li, L.D. "The effects of over-reliance on AI dialogue systems on students' cognitive abilities: a systematic review" Smart Learn. Environ. 11, 28 (2024). https://doi.org/10.1186/s40561-024-00316-7). He concluded that yes, it is fine that we get information from AI but we also need to bring human input and that is where the problem lies because 'who is there to define where to draw the line?'
- 5. Equity and accessibility issues: From the opposition team, Gorga highlighted the point that the assumption that AI can automatically bridge the gap for underdeveloped communities fails to consider the reality of digital devices. He noted that students in low-income areas lack internet access, devices, technological support, and ways to be able to make AI tools more accessible to them; and even if they were able to gain access to the tools, the tools are often designed in such a way that students would not be able to make relevant use of them to study.

From the proposition team, Advanceameyaw highlighted that if an AI tool benefits one set of people rather than another region of people due to accessibility, that means it is a challenge to that region's contribution because it is obvious that the tool belongs to everyone, but it hasn't reached everyone due to different challenges. He noted that knowledge is neutral and that it belongs to anybody, but the unequal access to tools is the challenge.
- 6. Data privacy and security: From the opposition team, Clement said that data privacy is an ongoing concern, not just in an educational context, but in general. He stated how data privacy laws are still lagging behind the technology; that is why in AI Ethics workgroup, they are still having discussions on how they can securely handle interview data. He also noted that we need to talk about how the data is being used and who has access to it, to ensure that it is not used for personal profiles. 

From the proposition team, Kateri highlighted that AI platforms are designed to support data privacy and security measures. She stated that we all know that data cannot be secured 100% - previously, data were stored in files and that endangered student privacy, and even the data itself that was stored from natural and human disaster, but AI platforms can help security with a strong encryption. Example stated was WhatsApp's end-to-end encryption.

Clement countered Kateri's points and said that we should remember that it is humans who operate the programs, but if there is misalignment of intention, it will lead to something else.
- 7. Potential job displacement: From the opposition team, Gorga said that as AI becomes more common in education systems, there is a concern about job displacement, especially for administrative staff and teachers. He noted that instead of teachers interacting deeply with the student, it will turn teachers into facilitators who manage AI tools, and will make teaching of less value. 

From the proposition team, Kateri said that AI is not here to replace the teacher's job, but to improve it. AI allows teachers to focus on their unique strengths (moral and emotional support to the children) and giving space also to nurture the students, while AI handles the repetitive time-consuming tasks.
- 8. Reshaping educational models: From the opposition team, Gorga said that AI is changing education by pushing hybrid learning, and this may seem progressive but it risks taking away important face-to-face interaction that helps develop emotional intelligence. Clement added that we are prioritizing market-driven skills over holistic education, and this will just produce students that are only trained for specific jobs and that are not encouraged to exploit other intellectual pursuits.

From the proposition team, Advanceameyaw stated that those in certain regions have difficulties in getting access to important material, and now that there is technological advancement, AI has given the chance to have hybrid and blended learning just with our smart phone, which has helped to assist education in those regions that are lacking.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that we are going to have another debate session in this quarter.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Members who want to document meetings should indicate their interest in the group's Discord channel  [**assignee**] All Members [**due**] 7 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Clement to host the next AI sandbox session [**assignee**] Clement [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI impact on education, technology and education, personalized learning, AI and emotional intelligence, AI and social support, problem-solving, teachers, students, data privacy, data security, Internet access, Africa, barriers to Internet access, barriers to learning, barriers, Translation, Language exclusion, job displacement, accessibility, equality, underdeveloped communities, tool design, inequality in tool design, rural, rural exclusion, access to education, low income, hybrid learning, blended learning, encryption, administrative tasks, AI and administrative tasks, AI's effect on human cognitive ability
- **emotions:** interactive, educational, productive, entertaining



### African Guild

No Summary Given

## Friday 8th November 2024



### Writers Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** CJFrankie [**facilitator**], CJFrankie [**documenter**], cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, Mikasa, AshleyDawn, Evelyn Robert, Kateri Nick, devon, emmanuelisaac
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the writers' workgroup 
- **Other media:** [Link](https://hackmd.io/z_rYIPn6RPSlKyLGcuaiSw)
#### Narrative:
Kick-off:  The weekly WWG meeting started at 3:10 PM with a welcome greeting from Cjfrankie. We began by reviewing the action items from the last meeting, including Kenichi's publication of the November 2nd ecosystem digest on Substack (see https://snetambassadorprogram.substack.com/p/singularitynet-ecosystem-digest-november). Cjfrankie encouraged everyone to read, subscribe, and engage with the newsletter if they haven't already. 

Dework Task Update: At the meeting, members including Lady Tempestt, Gorga, and Cjfrankie had ongoing tasks assigned on Dework. Lady Tempestt delegated her draft, 'Apespaces: What is Twin Protocol AI,' to Mikasa. Cjfrankie and Gorga have pending tasks and will make their submissions soon. Mikasa also added that she’d be expecting the next ecosystem digest draft from Cjfrankie by tomorrow.

Exploring Web3 Publishing Platforms:  Following a discussion on Medium page monetization, we decided to explore more Web3 publishing platforms. To this end, we have identified some potential tools, including Mirror, Lens, Paragraph, Arweave, and Warpcast. Cjfrankie highlighted the advantages of monetizing on Web3 platforms, such as decentralized revenue streams through NFT sales, direct ownership and control over content and revenue, community building via tokenization, and enhanced privacy and security. We need to learn more about these platforms, so Cjfrankie assigned some WG members to conduct research and present their findings in the next meeting. This research will cover each tool's functionality, how DAOs can use it, and pricing. Cjfrankie chose Mirror, Mikasa showed interest in Lens, Emmanuel Isaac selected Arweave, Love was assigned Paragraph, and Evelyn took Warpcast.

Q1 Budget and Q4 Report: Lady Tempestt sought clarification on the status of the Q1 2025 budget and Q4 2024 report. Mikasa cleared the air by saying that the Q1 budget is drafted already while the Q4 report is in progress. Lady Tempestt insisted that we share the drafts in the WWG channel so everyone can see it and leave comments. 

Content Calendar: As a matter of finality, the meeting featured Kateri, who kicked off a discussion about getting a list of email addresses from WWG members which will be given access to the content calendar so posts across the socials will be unified, time bound, and reach a wider audience. 

We called it a day and we ended the meeting at 3:30 PM.



#### Decision Items:
- We've decided to explore more Web3 publishing platforms to unlock additional revenue streams and strengthen our connection with the community.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kenichi is to finalize the Q4 report before the next meeting, as we are only a few weeks from the deadline. [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 15 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Mikasa will follow up with Cjfrankie to discuss the unification of the content calendar from the Marketing Guild.
 [**assignee**] CJFrankie, Mikasa [**due**] 15 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Cjfrankie to prepare the ecosystem digest for November 9th, 2024 and then forward it to Kenichi and Mikasa [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 9 November 2024 [**status**] done

#### Learning Points:
- Advantages of monetizing on Web3 publishing platforms.


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q1 2025 Budget, Q4 2024 report, Web3 publishing platforms, medium, ecosystem digest, partnership program, Paragraph, Mirror, Lens, Substack, Arweave, Warpcast, monetization, content calendar, revenue, Marketing Guild, NFT sales, tokenization, community, community building
- **emotions:** short

### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Zalfred [**facilitator**], Hogantuso [**documenter**], SubZero, Zalfred, Rojo, hogantuso, lilycupcake, AndrewBen, malik, Slate, lord kizzy, devon
- **Purpose:** The meeting focused on task updates and task distribution
#### Discussion Points:
- A brief mention from Zalfred, as he will be facilitating the session. He welcomed all members to the meeting and opened the floor for some information from lord Kizzy.
- Lord Kizzy advised all members to join in Governance meetings coming up with their contributions and wherever decisions are made, e.g. on budget process, to keep the workgroup in the active. 
After which we had the task assignments for the month. 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] TASK MANAGER  [**assignee**] Hogantuso [**status**] todo
- [**action**] FACILITATOR [**assignee**] Malik. [**status**] todo
- [**action**] TOWN HALL SUMMARY  [**assignee**] Slate [**status**] todo
- [**action**] TOWN HALL EDIT  [**assignee**] SubZero [**status**] todo
- [**action**] MEETING SUMMARY  [**assignee**] Zalfred [**status**] todo
- [**action**] REVIEW TEAM  [**assignee**] DevonHardy, lilycupcake [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Partnership, Budget, Task Assignment, Governance WorkGroup
- **emotions:** productive, informative, Organised, Thoughtful, repetitive

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Ayo, Eric Davies, Kareem, Cjfrankie, LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, Malik, Mikasa, SubZero, Gorga Siagian, Temiloluwa Hamzat, kateri
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Community Engagement Initiatives  - Proposal Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0Sq3sOUShlMdJC25TCQ31rtgXxckZ3OYXRrHVhcMfewURtg/viewform)
  - [Community Creatives Initiaitives campaign](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qu35-D8o093OytFC14EMAVKYZtelcCxs_6fRvaXkO9E/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Podcast Ideation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AjFNtgCGXsr1nOS0JNs2lhBf8m5FXvZUgd1NiveSpGQ/edit)
  - [Mascot  Top4](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M5LzIHl0nQmIO3jSB3SCJpQOZf3cfg1SbdGopb2u3W4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Design work group proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11S48I_jYovOB_Feyj0ZRVAdbmM8u1ztcbpCh7C1y-gY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkD4UD3MUg4C_IdY5XSQBaTo88ULy0PhsRyeYPrq6-Y/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [singularityNET Marketing WG October.pptx](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1icSrwGMjIbLEhh33ev_X1DYdBitC8BTA/edit#slide=id.p9)
  - [Meeting Summary 1st Nov, 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14rR75nSfokWc4jyY5p5xvxrQzoqdMVpKdJs9mAa5FBU/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Review and adoption of last meeting’s summary notes: The team reviewed and adopted the summary notes from the previous meeting.

- Design Workgroup proposal:
Kareem noted that typically, new workgroups are not established mid-quarter, suggesting that funding for the proposal could potentially come from the Marketing Guild.

- Podcast initiative:
An interest link for the podcast initiative was shared during the meeting to gather participants.

- Breakout room structure:
Ayo proposed organizing breakout rooms into “Ops” and “Graphics” groups, with “Comms” merging under “Ops” to streamline communication efforts.

- Community Spotlight delay:
Kizzy inquired about the delay with the community spotlight, seeking clarification on its status.

- Content Calendar updates:
Kateri pointed out that only 9 out of 18 workgroups had updated their contributions to the content calendar, affecting scheduling and coordination across teams.

- Activity continuity:
Kizzy emphasized the importance of maintaining ongoing activities, as lapses could affect future budget requests.

- Mascot Campaign payment process:
Ayo questioned whether every community initiative should include operational payments and recommended that all payments occur at the end of each month to avoid unexpected expenses. He also suggested that members log extra hours in Notion if they exceed standard work hours.

- Increased work rate encouraged:
Kareem encouraged everyone to enhance their productivity to meet project deadlines and expectations.

#### Decision Items:
- It was decided that the Operations (Ops) team will establish a breakout room with Graphics starting this quarter, in preparation for streamlined collaboration and alignment for the next quarter.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ops Team to set up breakout rooms with the Graphics team for enhanced collaboration.

 [**assignee**] ops, Graphics Team [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ops Team to schedule a meeting for either Saturday or Sunday to discuss upcoming tasks and initiatives. [**assignee**] ops, Graphics Team [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Rewards, productivity, work rate, continuity, mascot, content calendar, podcast, community spotlight, delays, design workgroup
- **emotions:** Friendly, Poor Attendance, quick, progressive
## Saturday 9th November 2024

### Gamers Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], devon [**documenter**], rebel, scarecrow, AshleyDawn, Kateri, SubZero, martinsoki, Malik, LordKizzy, Slate, devon
- **Purpose:** Regular meeting of Gamers' Guild. This meeting was to discuss the development and updates of the VR model, present new features such as intercom and VFX, and gather updates from workgroup creators.
#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- Slate introduced a pair-based development approach, assigning Scarecrow and Ashley as a team to work on specific VR model aspects.
- Slate showcased a functional intercom in the VR model for holding meetings in Roblox, demonstrating how it can amplify voices across the VR environment. It will make meetings possible directly on Roblox instead of Discord.
- Slate presented VFX options for decoration and interaction within builds, allowing WG creators to enhance their creations with usable visual effects.
- Updates were requested from various creators on their modeling and animation tasks. Some creators, including Scarecrow, Rebel, and Malik, noted delays but committed to progress before the next meeting.
- Marketing Guild Announcement: Subzero from marketing guild announced the consolidated content calendar, asking each guild to appoint two representatives to manage content submissions. Malik and Martin volunteered as representatives for the Gamers Guild.
- Slate clarified the support role compensation, offering $100 per support task upon completing workgroup or guild assistance.

#### Decision Items:
- Guild members assigned to creation of workgroups should prioritize pending modeling and animation tasks.
  - [**rationale**] The time for quarterly report submission is coming soon

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Animation & Dialogue System - Education Guild [**assignee**] malik, hufiumer69 [**due**] 23 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Animation and dialogue system - Treasury Guild [**assignee**] martinsoki, scarecrow [**due**] 23 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Animation and dialogue - Archival Workgroup [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, Kateri [**due**] 23 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Department Creation - RnD Guild [**assignee**] oep, CollyPride [**due**] 23 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Department creation - Writers WG [**assignee**] LordKizzy, devon [**due**] 23 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Slate to create a development group for Scarecrow and Ashley, and schedule an initial training session. [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 23 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Game Rules:
Marathon - First one to finish the line wins


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Devon

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Roblox, metaverse, department Creation, work updates, Map creation, plugins, Intercom, VFX, MarketingGuild 
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, informative, Building, contributive
- **games played:** Running game , Marathon