---
description: Mon 28th Oct - Sun 3rd Nov 2024
---

# Week 44

## Friday 1st November 2024




### Writers Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Kenichi [**facilitator**], Cjfrankie  [**documenter**], Kenichi, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, Mikasa, Evelyn Robert, Nebula, advanceameyaw, TheFreysDeFi, AshleyDawn
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the writers' workgroup.
- **Other media:** [Link](https://speechlogger.com/)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [RE-q4 Budget Sheet: Q4 Writers Workgroup ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11QohtEjrDGo-kPPOas3V2BAh7dmp6XEqzMoI9CqxncU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [DRAFT: Budget Proposals Sheet: Q1, 2025 Writers Workgroup ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XDAPSG9y4U8nhQWQgrok3Z6pG9vsbfYPIMD7gISBJo0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Cjfrankie: ARTICLE SUGGESTION | Nov 1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OUHJQFyhW38zIgiIi3ILUEKOqx0qIH5P7nbmhp0_1-g/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Kick-off: The weekly meeting of the WWG started with Kenichi welcoming everyone to November. Unfortunately, we couldn’t use “read.AI” to record our meeting. Cjfrankie introduced a new tool that might work better than read.AI “speechlogger.com.” 

We skimmed through the minutes from the last meeting and we kicked off from where we left off. Kenichi started by asking the WWG members whether we want to make an end-of-year recap and how we are going to do it! Cjfrankie suggested that using meeting summaries might help; Kenichi brought the idea of exporting articles and statistics from the SingularityNET Ambassadors Medium page.

What’s next for Medium: It is worth mentioning that the SNET Ambassadors Medium page has been able to amass 318 followers and surpass 1,000 views per post. Kenichi hinted that it’s time we run a partnership program where writers can get paid for their publications. Also, he mentioned the fact that reaching 1,000 followers would mean that we could run ads and content outreaches. Momentarily, Cjfrankie shared the idea of exploring other Web3 publishing platforms like Mirro.xyz, while Kenichi talked about Paragraph.xyz and its potential. We’re looking to explore the power of Medium before we publish across multiple platforms.

Budget: We had discussions about the Q4 budget and projected timeframe for submitting the Q1 2025 budget proposal as well. With screensharing, Kenichi surfed the Treasury dashboard and tackled the budget discussion with Lady Tempestt by showcasing how much we have spent and how much we have left. Thankfully, Q4 is looking promising already, and we thought of adding some deliverables (such as the Indonesia X page), Zealy, and whether to allocate funds for graphics. Kenichi also hinted that the Marketing Guild’s Zealy campaign will start pretty soon.




#### Decision Items:
- We have decided that the Ecosystem Digests will be published every Saturday on the Substack to be followed suit with an announcement on X.

  - [**rationale**] In light of recent events, the SNET ecosystem has been making a lot of impact, and to this effect, news has been spreading around and we'd like to keep everyone updated so they don't miss out. 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kenichi to publish the ecosystem digests from October 19th to November 2nd on Substack.
 [**assignee**] Kenichi [**due**] 1 November 2024 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ecosystem page, medium, Partnership program, Paragraph.xyz, Mirror.xyz, Zealy, Graphics, Q1 2025 budget, speechlogger.com, Marketing Guild, Q4 2024 budget, Indonesia X page, ecosystem digest
- **emotions:** insightful, forward-thinking, informative

### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Zalfred [**facilitator**], Hogantuso [**documenter**], SubZero, Zalfred, Rojo, hogantuso, lilycupcake, AndrewBen, malik, Slate, LordKizzy, devon
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the Video WorkGroup. The meeting focused on task updates and problems affecting the workgroup.
#### Discussion Points:
- A brief mention from Zalfred, as he will be facilitating the session also mentioned that the Vrewiev team approved two long videos, and three long videos are still in the review process.
- Rojo gave insight into the social media management role, going through the usual posts from the Town Halls and some shorts. He mentioned working on the mixpost platform to allow short clips to be posted. There was a problem with the TikTok posting, as it would be done manually from this device.
- Interaction discussions were made on the Abuon tus video and looking forward to updating the video document in the position, caption, main visual, and arrangement of shorts for a better clip 
- LordKizzy gave an update regarding the animation video for those who'd work on the animations for this month as we will be going for more shorts this month. We are looking into the engagements in these videos to come up with new plans and monthly plans on the subscription creating a mail for the five-man members making the editing. People should reach out to LordKizzy privately if they need access to the platform as it's a sensitive piece of information for non-members.  
- There were deliberations on the biweekly video from Lilycupcake who has raised issues about the review process, hearing her point of view and coming to an understanding in keeping up with the good work 

#### Decision Items:
- To decrease the number of long and increase the number of short videos as we are running to a tight budget.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Zalfred to move approved video to content sheet after the call  [**assignee**] Zalfred [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Rojo to come up with the new document for the video workgroup updates on the clips "HOW TO GO ABOUT IT" [**assignee**] rojo. [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Partnership, budget, Q1 2025 budget, long videos, short videos, video review process, animation, engagement, social media, Town Hall videos, MixPost, TikTok, video editing
- **emotions:** productive, informative, Organised, Deliberative

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Ayo, Eric Davies, esewilliams, photogee, Kenichi, Kareem, Cjfrankie, LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, Olokoji, Malik, Advanceameyaw, TheFreysDeFi, Mikasa, Tevo, PeterE
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Community Engagement Initiatives  - Proposal Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0Sq3sOUShlMdJC25TCQ31rtgXxckZ3OYXRrHVhcMfewURtg/viewform)
  - [Community Creatives Initiaitives campaign](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qu35-D8o093OytFC14EMAVKYZtelcCxs_6fRvaXkO9E/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Podcast Ideation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AjFNtgCGXsr1nOS0JNs2lhBf8m5FXvZUgd1NiveSpGQ/edit)
  - [Mascot  Top4](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M5LzIHl0nQmIO3jSB3SCJpQOZf3cfg1SbdGopb2u3W4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Design work group proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11S48I_jYovOB_Feyj0ZRVAdbmM8u1ztcbpCh7C1y-gY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Summary 25th Oct, 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_fPwVDJNjHpgCiMgBcx0FLNLxoDO-030ytyIyUAVql4/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.wny7fzkg6zcm)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkD4UD3MUg4C_IdY5XSQBaTo88ULy0PhsRyeYPrq6-Y/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [singularityNET Marketing WG October.pptx](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1icSrwGMjIbLEhh33ev_X1DYdBitC8BTA/edit#slide=id.p9)

#### Discussion Points:
- Review and adoption of last meeting’s summary notes

- Compilation of useful links:
Photogee reported progress, noting that he has created a sheet to compile all useful links relevant to the project.
- Collaboration suggestion:
Tevo recommended that Photogee collaborate with the Knowledge Base workgroup, as they also gather useful links, which could enhance information sharing and reduce redundancy.

- Community initiative campaign results:
Ese reported that the community initiative campaign has concluded, resulting in eight proposals. The review team will now evaluate these to decide whether to push them to the sNET Foundation or extend the campaign for additional input.

- Podcast initiative:
Kenichi suggested drafting formal invites for the upcoming podcast episodes, with specific dates and potential hosts assigned to each session to improve planning and engagement.

- Content calendar & social media coordination:
Kizzy proposed creating a dedicated Discord channel where representatives from a workgroup can collaborate with social media admins, facilitating follow-ups and coordination on content and post schedules.

- Zealot Initiative launch:
Ese announced that the Zealot initiative will be going live and will run until the end of the month. She encouraged team members to actively promote it across various platforms to maximize engagement.

- Discussion Item: Podcast scheduling tool recommendation
Tevo suggested enhancing the podcast scheduling process by setting up an automated scheduling tool. He proposed using a platform where hosts could input their availability for podcast sessions, allowing guests to select a date and time that works best for them. This would streamline scheduling by capturing guests' contact information, email, and any additional details needed for coordination upfront. Implementing this would create a more organized and efficient process, improving overall planning and preparation for each episode.

- Discussion Item: Workgroup management and content scheduling
Kizzy inquired about the workgroups Tevo manages, specifically those involved in uploading videos to YouTube. He asked if Tevo is coordinating with groups like Treasury and GitHub PBL, and if there are any additional workgroups that need to be informed. Additionally, Kizzy sought clarification on the scheduling timeline for these YouTube posts, aiming to understand the workflow and ensure content consistency across platforms.

- Mascot Campaign update:
Kareem reported that the mascot competition concluded on the 20th of last month, receiving a total of 16 submissions. He, along with Gorga and Malik, narrowed down the submissions to four finalists based on brand guidelines and the defined mascot characteristics.

- Design Workgroup Proposal presentation:
Kareem presented the concept and objectives behind the design workgroup proposal, outlining how it aligns with the brand's goals and visual standards.

- AGIX Reallocation Request for Translation WG:
Tevo proposed reallocating around 500 AGIX from Marketing Guild’s budget to support the translators workgroup, as quarterly translation tasks had exceeded initial funding. This reallocation would ensure that translation needs are adequately met.

- Low meeting participation:
Ese expressed concern over the low level of participation in meetings, highlighting the need for greater engagement from members.

- Data Submission Challenges:
Olokoji shared difficulties with receiving data on time, encouraging members to submit their work promptly rather than waiting until the end of the month to improve reporting efficiency.

- Marketing Guild's role in Governance Workgroup:
Ayo proposed that Marketing Guild members should actively participate in Governance Workgroup, as marketing aligns closely with the ambassador program’s purpose. He also mentioned potential rewards for members who join governance calls, which could incentivize involvement.

- Onboarding tool proposal for user engagement and Olympus collaboration: Tevo presented an onboarding tool for Olympus Insight to introduce new users to blockchain and decentralized AI, suggesting that SingularityNET integrate marketing and visual elements to enhance engagement and consider collaborating with Olympus to share expertise on decentralized ambassador programs, potentially leading to new revenue opportunities and expanding SingularityNET’s reach.

#### Decision Items:
- The team decided that, due to the Marketing Guild’s upcoming initiatives and ongoing projects across various workgroups, it would not be in the best interest to re-allocate the translator workgroup at this time. Instead, the focus will be on maintaining reserves to better manage the current workload and initiatives in progress.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- It was decided to present the mascot design finalists to the larger community for final feedback and input.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Mikasa to ensure the schedule on the Ambassador Program's Google Calendar is consistently updated and matches the Zoom links, ensuring that any changes made to the calendar are reflected in the corresponding Zoom meeting details to avoid discrepancies. [**assignee**] Mikasa [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kareem to create a form for mascot design voting, which will be shared by Photogee and Ayo within the community for feedback and participation.

 [**assignee**] Kareem, Ayo, Photogee [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All members to review and discuss the design workgroup proposal, providing input and suggestions. [**assignee**] All Members [**status**] todo
- [**action**] The review team to assess the proposals currently in the pipeline, with a scheduled review session on Saturday at 1 p.m. [**assignee**] lord kizzy [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** podcasts, useful links, Community initiative campaign, podcasts, community engagement, Zealot, mascot, Translation WG, Google calendar, Olympus, collaboration, Governance WG, low participation, content calendar, Design workgroup proposal, content scheduling, timeliness
- **emotions:** Friendly, interactive, long, Well-attended, informative

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Advanceameyaw, Effiom [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, AshleyDawn, effiom, LordKizzy, tevo, TheFreysDefi
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Miro board:** [Link]( https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764605060449175&cot=14)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base WG Proposal Q4 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XGPADj5Syu4eblKRpyY5I9PKj77uqsiO77s5FZd0oxQ/)
  - [Knowledge Base WG - Introduction to Knowledge Base WG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlHcTBzeJ0Y)
  - [KBWG Schedule on Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764601683623141&cot=10)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Miro Board and Activities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml_kDw09omQ)
  - [Managing Meeting Summaries Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4/)

#### Agenda item 1 - Introduction and Onboarding to Knowledge Base WG - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Overview of the KBWG onboarding miro board
- Historic walkthrough of WG to new member
- Difference between Knowledge Base WG and Archives WG
- Explaining our resource planning process

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The new member should watch video and read the WG’s proposal [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Workgroup Project Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Positioning the WG in a way that allows people contribute to avoid waste of rewards
- Reviewing the WG Dework Board for October 2024
- Do we have funds allocated for Q4 Reporting?
- Meeting Summary for the 01.11.2024 session
- Looking ahead to Q1 2025 
- Our approach to collecting Items 

#### Decision Items:
- Reward distribution for October participation will be delayed by a week and will be distributed after October rewards have been paid
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed that funds for drafting Q4 2024 Report will be taken from Process Guild as there was no allocation for it in Knowledge Base's Q4 budget
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Implement a process to use our Custom GPT for organizing assets

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Advance will draft the meeting summary. Effiom will review and publish it in Discord [**assignee**] Advanceameyaw, Effiom [**status**] done
- [**action**] Draft Quarterly Report for Q4 2024 [**assignee**] Effiom, LordKizzy [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Update WG Zoom schedule [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Review reward distribution for Knowledge Base WG [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Create GitHub to automatically update GitBook - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Creating GitBook and GitHub accounts
- Synchronization of the accounts created
- GitHub, we will use Gitbook to enter data
- Initializing our GitHub repo with a commit on categories

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to get a license Gitbook account either plus or pro eventually
- We agreed to use GitBook to enter data
- Each Knowledge Base Category would be provided with descriptions

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create access to GitBook and buy licenses [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Description of assigned KBWG categories [**assignee**] Effiom, Advanceameyaw [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ambassador Gitbook, Miro Board, Github, Project Management, Dework, Category description, Q4 2024 Report, Archives WG, rewards
- **emotions:** Interactive, detailed, collaborative, educative, new people present