---
description: Mon 18th Nov - Sun 24th Nov 2024
---

# Week 47

## Monday 18th November 2024

### GitHub PBL WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, Sucre n Spice, SubZero [**documenter**], Effiom, LadyTempestt, Tevo, Onize, SubZero, Malik, Valola, AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, Sucre n Spice, Kateri
- **Purpose:**  We are creating a PBL course on Andamio about GitHub features and use cases to manage 


- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764606500941063&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link]( )
- **Working Docs:**
  - [GitHub PBL Structure](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764601828301755&cot=10)
  - [WG Stuffs form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwIsf_GS29MAjQSzpnDYv_X1yejNRjn6Gjt2othqtiXAFhAg/viewform)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What do we do async until the next meeting?
- Draft Quarterly Report for Q4 2024
- Prepare Q1 2025 Budget Proposal
- Draft meeting summary
- How do we review lessons?
- Ideate on new lessons

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Draft meeting summary [**assignee**] SubZero [**due**] 22 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Review Meeting Summary [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice [**due**] 24 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Draft Q1 2025 proposal [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 24 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Review Q1 2025 Proposal [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 24 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Draft Q4 2024 Report [**assignee**] Malik [**due**] 24 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Review Q4 Report [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 24 November 2024 [**status**] done

#### Agenda item 2 - Lessons review process - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Defined the lessons. Currently there are no strict guidelines for reviewing lessons; we simply use commenting to give feedback. We will continue using Google Docs to review
- Should we stop drafting in Google Docs?
- fewer operations to copy paste work
- looks like we mostly comment in Discord
- Allocate participation rewards
- Generate quiz examples for all the lessons
- Multiple questions per lesson with 4 multiple-choice selection options
- Every lesson owner to create minimum 1 question with options

#### Decision Items:
- We will do the meeting participation rewards distribution next month

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Andamio, WG Management, GitHub PBL Structure, drafting questions, Google Docs, Discord, Q4 2024 report, Q1 2025 budget
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Thoughtful , Deliberative, progressive, decisive


## Wednesday 20th November 2024

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, AJ, AndrewBen, advanceameyaw, CollyPride, Zalfred
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- R&D New Metta Coder lab 

- Q1 Budget and Tier system
- Facilitation in Q1
- Feedback from the strategy workshop

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Teams are currently working async on their projects and will give an update at the end of the month
- R&D Guild Metta Coder Lab Initiative: Guillermo didn't have the chance to speack with the METTA team due to the event in Bangkok and he shared the full folder on the METTA libary: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1EpETWEyKp2EaEIHopotWb7kCkupCZ8KF?usp=sharing, we also had discussion on the early topics for the METTA initiative in Q1 2025
- Follow up on the CSDB: Advance spoke on the progress so far on the hosting and suggested having the call with the onboarding workgroup early, to round up the changes at once and perform the integration and testing, so lordkizzy noted he was going to host the session within the week, lordkizzy also asked the team if they were still on track on the deadline (25 NOV), and the team hopes to meet the deadline, the team suggested an extension of the deadline to 27th Nov, AJ also noted that he had updated the frontend using React and made some design changes based on an idea proposed by Rojo, which he will share that in our next meeting and is also waiting for the meeting with the onboarding group before finalizing the design and authentication. He also apologized for the delay due to network issues
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, lordkizzy couldn't have a call with Guillermo due to his busy schedule but promised to host one in the coming week
- Feedback from the Strategy workshop: Advance gave the updates highlighting the key goals of the workshops and lord Kizzy suggested that members could turn up and participate

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] CSDB team to finish and get ready for redeployment by 25th of NOV [**assignee**] AJ, Advanceameyaw [**due**] 27 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy will schedule a call with representatives from the onboarding work within the week. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 27 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to disburse the $24.46 expense from the R&D treasury. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 19 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Lordkizzy and guillermo to have a call to discuss on the governance dashboard project [**assignee**] LordKizzy, guillermolucero [**due**] 27 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo will create a spreadsheet for team members to sign up for facilitation roles in future meetings. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 20 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] AJ to give a presentation on his updates to the CSDB in the next call [**assignee**] AJ [**due**] 27 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Tool Development, AI tooling, Presentation, Operations, Workshop, Facilitation, CSDB, Collaboration Skills Database, Onboarding WG, Strategy Guild
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy, Welcoming, Thoughtful, Friendly, Collaborative, busy


## Friday 22nd November 2024



### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Malik [**facilitator**], Zalfred [**documenter**], SubZero, Zalfred, Rojo, hogantuso, lilycupcake, AndrewBen, malik, LordKizzy, killy, oep, AJ, devon
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the Video WorkGroup. The purpose of this meeting was to go over the Q1 budget fitting, make drastic changes on the workgroup operation system in order to adjust to the new budget tier system, and lastly, discussion on the Q4 2024 quarterly report.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Q1 budget proposal ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YPdZrdupz2N2r3cM-g3LGsxs6X3wH_dU7IOYuITbc8I/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Quarterly report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E9JLe-T7pZ0nYL6alh2fpBVSN355vtzaQ7jqGRIw4Ow/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Mastodon Account](https://mastodon.social/@SNET_Ambassador)

#### Discussion Points:
- UPADTE FROM THE TASK MANAGER
Tuso provided a quick update on the number of tasks created within the week which included creating tasks for video submissions.

- UPDATE FROM THE REVIEW TEAM
Devon reported  that a couple of videos were still under review, and that some videos were ready to be posted out. He hinted the task manager to reach out to the editors as some submitted videos needed further corrections and further editing. Session items reviewing moved slowly as we had disagreements in many items and required discussions.

- UPDATE FROM LORDKIZZY
Lord Kizzy did a long presentation but he kicked off by announcing that he was able to get the video workgroup’s budget allocation for Q1 2025 to 11,000 Agix that’s 500 Agix extra to help propel the activities of the workgroup.

Lord kizzy announced that the Q4 Quarterly Report is ready.The report contains vital information and links to all the videos produced in the quarter. And also the analytics have been included. 

Mastodon account: LordKizzy urged that each member of the workgroup should hop on our Mastodon account and create interactions while we await further interactions from the community

- BUDGET FITTING
Lord Kizzy kicked off by cautioning the task manager to clarify the numbers of videos produced because we’ve exceeded our allocation for clips. And for long videos, we’ve got barely 6-7 slots left.

Kizzy reminded the house of the memo sent out earlier regarding the AGIX exchange rate. All Q1 budgets must be converted at a rate of $0.55 which is going to  lessen the amount we’re getting.
He added that the Q1 2025 budget proposal is calculated with a 20% cut on all recurring tasks and for Quality control, the 20% cut comes after the number of videos reviewed.
Kizzy announced that due to the budget constraints, the number of videos produced will be reduced drastically. For shorts, we’ve resolved at 2 clips per week (one short from scratch and one short clip), and for long videos, only 11 videos per quarter. 

Kizzy ceased the opportunity to speak on the new approach to the Zealy program. He proposed a collaboration between Marketing guild, Writers workgroup and Video workgroup. A new initiative which involved getting traction from within the ambassador program and outside the ambassador program.

#### Decision Items:
- Concerning the collaboration between Marketing guild, Writers workgroup and Video workgroup, Kizzy explained that this new approach involves the Zealy participants creating quality content (tweets, memes, etc) on their respective social media profiles which will not just aid engagement on our socials, but help broaden the community publicity. 
He added that this collaboration will also help drive publicity across the 3 workgroups as they all have equal access to publish their content. Additionally, looking at the current budget constraint faced by all workgroups, this is a perfect solution to the problem of less engagement on our social media platforms and also it's budget friendly as the allocation for this collaboration will be shared between all three workgroups. This promises to be a lucrative Zealy program judging from the benefits that will come from it. 

- A 300usd allocation for this collaboration from all three workgroups could help achieve this goal, and would reduce the load for each work group individually.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Rojo offered a 25% cut from his role to help propel this idea. Then other recurring tasks could be reduced further to sum up what's left.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lord Kizzy suggested that in the coming Q1, we could try to reach out to spin off projects and try to make collaborations with them, create contents for them and get rewards.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Final draft of the Quarterly Report
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- further Deliberation on Osmium's video proposal
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kizzy to restructure the Q1 budget proposal  [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Regarding the drastic reduction in video production:
we resolved at creating 2 short clips per week (one short from scratch and one short clip) 
And for long videos, only 11 videos per quarter. Also we ruled out onboarding new members for Q1 2025 to help us mitigate our allocation. [**status**] todo
- [**action**] scraping out 3 videos in order to accept Osmium's proposal. [**assignee**] osmium [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All video workgroup members to hop on and interact on our Mastodon account while awaiting the community's engagement.  [**status**] todo
- [**action**] We agreed to collaborate with the marketing guild and the writers work group [**status**] todo
- [**action**] we agreed to try out spin-off projections [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q1 2025 budget, Q4 2024 Quarterly Report, Collaboration, Budget fitting, Budget cuts, budget cap, budget tier system, Zealy, Mastodon, spin-offs, social media, Marketing Guild, Writers WorkGroup, 
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, Thoughtful, productive, slow, discursive

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Eric Davies, LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, SubZero, kateri, advanceameyaw, kareem, Hamzat, photogee, Mikasa, Malik, Gorga Siagian
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Community Engagement Initiatives  - Proposal Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0Sq3sOUShlMdJC25TCQ31rtgXxckZ3OYXRrHVhcMfewURtg/viewform)
  - [Community Creatives Initiaitives campaign](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qu35-D8o093OytFC14EMAVKYZtelcCxs_6fRvaXkO9E/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Mascot  Top4](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M5LzIHl0nQmIO3jSB3SCJpQOZf3cfg1SbdGopb2u3W4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Design work group proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11S48I_jYovOB_Feyj0ZRVAdbmM8u1ztcbpCh7C1y-gY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkD4UD3MUg4C_IdY5XSQBaTo88ULy0PhsRyeYPrq6-Y/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [singularityNET Marketing WG October.pptx](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1icSrwGMjIbLEhh33ev_X1DYdBitC8BTA/edit#slide=id.p9)
  - [Meeting Summary - Marketing Guild - 15 November 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1stOIVcML_3x5i6hhqvch4Pf6VjGw61Oe-lu4k2HJzDI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Review Committee: The review team was unable to attend the community initiative meeting due to the incorrect link being shared.

- Mascot design: Voting has been completed, and the final mascot design and name will be announced. However, the design needs adjustments to align with brand guidelines and must include the SingularityNET logo.

- Content Calendar: SubZero presented updates from all workgroups, with only the Translator Workgroup pending recorded email input from their representative.

- Zealy initiative: The Zealy initiative has officially been launched.

- Q1 2025 Budget breakdown: Kizzy presented the budget breakdown to gather input from members.

- Community Initiative funding: Kizzy suggested pushing the community initiative to the sNET Foundation due to budget constraints.

- Platform replacement for budget constraints: Kizzy proposed replacing Notion with GitHub to reduce costs.

- Social Media branding: Kareem noted that two social media posts did not adhere to brand guidelines and also inquired if the mascot activity had been paused.

- Content approval process: Kizzy clarified that all content should go through Mikasa, then the Graphics team, before being posted.

- Mascot activity payment discussion:  Kizzy mentioned that after the mascot activity concludes, there will be a discussion to finalize payments for extra activities related to the campaign.

#### Decision Items:
- Removal of Core Team Follow-Up call allocation: It was agreed to eliminate Core Team follow-up call allocation from the budget due to financial constraints.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Collaboration on Zealy Campaign: We agreed that Writers, Marketing, and Video Workgroups will collaborate on the Zealy campaign to share the budget evenly and also increase engagement on social media posts.

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Removal of Tooling Call allocation: The decision was made to remove tooling fees to optimize the budget.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Exclusion of Figma from Budget: Figma was removed from the budget allocation to address budgetary restrictions.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Communication and Collaboration:
CJFrankie is to work with Ese on the zealot campaign, and hazmat to work with kenichi on the podcast initiative

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kareem to announce the winner of the mascot competition today.
 [**assignee**] kareem [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kateri to contact the Translator Workgroup regarding the content calendar and obtain the email of their representative.
 [**assignee**] Kateri [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kizzy to reach out to Peter to create a channel that grants edit access to all relevant emails on the content calendar.
 [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Photogee to share the compiled useful links with Kizzy.
 [**assignee**] photogee [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Photogee to coordinate with Ese and Ayo for the TownHall updates.
 [**assignee**] photogee [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Hamzat to manage the podcast initiative in collaboration with Kenichi.
 [**assignee**] hamzat [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Zealy, Collaboration, Onboarding, TH Update, mascot, Q1 2025 budget, budget constraints, Figma, tooling, podcast, content approval, branding, Notion, GitHub, Zealy, collaboration, Writers WorkGroup, video WG
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Thoughtful, productive, Deliberative, Brainstorm

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Effiom, Tevo [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, effiom, tevo
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764607231577569&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base WG Proposal Q4 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XGPADj5Syu4eblKRpyY5I9PKj77uqsiO77s5FZd0oxQ/)
  - [Knowledge Base WG - Introduction to Knowledge Base WG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlHcTBzeJ0Y)
  - [KBWG Schedule on Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764601683623141&cot=10)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Miro Board and Activities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml_kDw09omQ)
  - [Managing Meeting Summaries Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4/)
  - [DRAFT - Knowledge Base WG Q4 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VqjcD9E_cEtA2INhVijfZO4H2m9R0lNna3u_La-cRIU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.mlz7hrgm8sds)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup Management - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Draft Proposal for Q1 2025
- Meeting Summary for 22.11.2024
- Description of categories and subcategories

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed that the Q1 2025 proposal needs to be ready for submission on 25.11.2024 with the Q4 Report and budget
  - [**rationale**] To ensure we meet the deadline set
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We should structure the GitBook Base under Site, not Spaces (spaces cannot be public)
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom to draft meeting summary. Tevo will review and publish in Discord [**assignee**] Effiom, Tevo [**status**] done
- [**action**] Continue Drafting Categories + subcategories [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Effiom will draft Q1 2025 proposal. Tevo will review. [**assignee**] Tevo, Effiom [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Move/Copy the draft of Q4 Report to SingularityNET Folder [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] done

#### Agenda item 2 - Retrospective and Ideation for next Quarter - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- What went well? 


We finally created GitBook and tried and understood the flow. Excited to see the GitBook outcomes

We used GPT and it worked well - Someone liked using AI to organize assets and it saved a lot of time

Project management went well - Different people in workgroup created Dework Tasks this quarter

Despite moving a lot of work async and reducing our operational alignment, we made progress on proposal
- What didn't go well?


Meeting participation has dropped - Unclear if it was because of time change? Because we seemed to have more participants on Wednesdays

Assigning tasks async didn't go well at all

Workgroup contributions were less decentralised
- What should we do in Quarter 1 2025?


Work towards increasing participation

Planning with the 4k AGIX cap

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to create a new schedule to check sentiment quarterly as Process Guild activity
  - [**rationale**] Change in schedule was noted as what didn't go well, as it was unclear if it affected participation
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Next quarter we will create a new schedule to check sentiment [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Create a video of full process flow once we got it all set up, it's quite detailed and interesting [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Propose in Q1 proposal to create a script to generate GitHub markdown files from Miro Board Async Resource csv Export [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] done

#### Agenda item 3 - Plans for next Session - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What will we do in the next session?
- The quarter ends with async uploads, who will do them?
- Deciding on items to be included into Gitbook

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to change the next meeting date to 20th Dec. This would be the last meeting for Q4.
  - [**rationale**] Tevo is going to be unavailable
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided on the items that will be included into GitBook to cover all subgroups
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update Google Calendar and Zoom to reflect agreed next meeting date [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 16 December 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Have a workgroup to review and edit categories for GitBook [**status**] todo
- [**action**] We will decide on uploading date in the next meeting [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gitbook, Miro Board, Q4 Report, Retrospective, GitHub, Q1 Proposal [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** GitBook, Miro Board, Q4 2024 report, Retrospective, GitHub, Q1 2025 proposal
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Discursive
## Saturday 23rd November 2024

### Gamers Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], devon [**documenter**], martinsoki, rebel, scarecrow, AshleyDawn, Kateri, SubZero, Malik, LordKizzy
- **Purpose:** Regular biweeekly meeting of Gamers' Guild. The purpose of this meeting was to present progress on Workgroup building creation; and to discuss and finalize the Q1 2025 quarterly budget, assign the taskof writing the Q4 2024 quarterly report, and plan for upcoming initiatives.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Budget Request for Q1-2025(Gamers Guild)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P7QYwh5iB8FydKN_zEAxEdh0Wu4PqdyNU-MmF9v5RYA/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Archives WorkGroup presentation by Gorga: Gorga presented the Archives WorkGroup building model on Roblox, showcasing NPC interactions, dialogues, and room functionalities. Discussed problems with animations not showing and teleportation issues. Slate suggested making the building's roof taller for universal character compatibility; Gorga noted challenges due to the building's original design.
Slate offered assistance to resolve these issues.
- Dework PBL WorkGroup presentation by Rebel: Rebel presented the Dework PBL WorkGroup building, highlighting the addition of dialogues to Tevo's NPC in the classroom. He mentioned plans to integrate animations by the next meeting.
- Treasury Guild presentation by Scarecrow and Martin: Scarecrow showcased the Treasury Guild building, including architectural design, animations, and interactive NPC dialogues. He demonstrated NPC interactions with Tevo Saks, André, Peter E, Clement, and CallyfromAuron, explaining the Treasury Guild's functions. Martin presented his contributions but faced issues with NPC animations not displaying correctly.
Martin sought Slate's assistance to fix animation problems; Slate provided possible reasons and offered help.
- Education Guild presentation by Malik: Malik presented the Education Guild building, including NPC interactions, animations, and various rooms like the ideation room and classroom. Showed the Slate NPC as a receptionist; Slate humorously noted the missing face on his NPC. Malik discussed issues with animations not applying correctly and floating NPCs. Slate suggested improvements such as integrating a robot-building feature and utilizing empty rooms for website/wiki integration. Malik agreed to implement the suggestions and sought Slate's assistance with animation issues.
- Slate requested volunteers to write the Q4 2024 quarterly report; Malik and Rebel agreed to collaborate on it.
- Budget discussions, led by Slate: Discussed the Q1 2025 quarterly budget, noting that Gamers' Guild has a budget cap of 7,000 AGIX. Reviewed and adjusted budget items due to constraints, removing or reducing funding for certain tasks. Decided to retain essential items like rewards for game winners and workgroup development.
- Kizzy suggested reducing asset creation to six per month and reallocating funds for announcements; the group agreed.
- Slate reminded mentors (Malik, Kizzy, Gorga, Kateri) to create short video recordings showcasing their workgroup progress for inclusion in the quarterly report.

#### Decision Items:
- Reduced asset creation to six per month and reallocated funds to announcements as per Kizzy's suggestion.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Animation & Dialogue System - Education Guild [**assignee**] Malik, hufiumer69 [**due**] 7 December 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Animation and dialogue system - Treasury Guild [**assignee**] martinsoki, scarecrow [**due**] 7 December 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Animation and dialogue - Archives Workgroup [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, Kateri [**due**] 23 November 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Department Creation - R&D Guild [**assignee**] oep, CollyPride [**due**] 7 December 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Department creation - Writers WG [**assignee**] LordKizzy, devon [**due**] 7 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Quarterly Report Q4 2024 [**assignee**] Malik, rebel [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] done

#### Game Rules:
No games played


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Roblox, metaverse, department Creation, work updates, Map creation,  #WorkgroupPresentations, mentorship, Q4 2024 report, Q1 2025 budget, budget planning, Animation
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, informative, Building, contributive
- **games played:** no game