---
description: Mon 7th Oct - Sun 13th Oct 2024
---

# Week 41

## Monday 7th October 2024


### Strategy Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Clement [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], Ayo, Effiom, Ese Williams, Clement, Kateri, Eric Davies, TheFreysDefi, Kenichi, AshleyDawn, Mikasa
- **Purpose:** Regular meeting of Strategy Guild.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 9th September 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-cYP1zBwqZzTv05wz2BTM79ziCIhZEEJ9jELivVIupU/edit#heading=h.6fyp3cl3ve7w)
  - [Strategy Guild 23rd September Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UCRZpNA74AESx8grFme9Am7e4JxRqPUfP8VNsppB4Uc/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 23rd September 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j-876OG2KCtIaj8pH15i_rS0-hnFOhA5hLmGGOFw1kQ/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy Guild Membership ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ym6eVAmf8LY-8TZq-VxONrFUizAaVQmP_V69GASivEQ/edit)
  - [Report: Strategy Guild Workshop Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s5NjLoXFrUtlMmLtoabYWAHEyPnT7C535A9edSmTFcw/edit#heading=h.rrkpida8lqgw)
  - [Strategy Worskshop Sessions (Report and Analysis)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ObqjPMxOiIldhyYtTwZ2XmhiI5PKtxdJ67DWh9rAImU/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild Q4 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fs4p6fR13u0OEPiDSmd8Q3iSW-M-UjUN2ho0AHUOKM8/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild Quarterly Report - Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ehGNXP7O4l9bfviUsGUaL2EplWsKg9AH4Qf3uHOsKNo/edit)
  - [Q4 budget objection summaries](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hmCt3ukWQgJH_jtWckFjFvw1iIO10QfMDRg7qCaSvto/edit)

#### Narrative:
INTRODUCTION - The meeting began with Clement extending greeting to each member.

ACTION ITEMS CHECKBOXES FROM THE LAST MEETING -  Clement led the discussion on the action items from the previous meeting. Items DONE were closed and others were left OPEN:


ONBOARD NEW MEMBERS/CORE MEMBER ROLL CALL - Ayo officially welcomed Kateri and Yemisolves as core members of the guild, acknowledging their valuable contributions and commitment. It was announced that members should go and update their attendance as the core membership role is officially closed.

BUDGET/BUDGETING FITTING AND BUDGET ASSESSMENT - Ayo clarified that the  budget fitting of 20% cut was $837 total, leaving the guild with just $3103 in our budget. He said that if we decide to do all the tasks budgeted in this quarter, the funds would not be enough and some tasks won't be paid until next quarter. Clement suggested that the core members should go on a call and conduct budget fitting.


Q4 TASKS ROSTER UPDATE - The roster was updated and brought to the meeting. 

Q3 RESEARCH CONTINUANCE AND TIMELINE - Effiom noted that before the end of October the research would be completed.

Q4 WORKSHOP 1 - Ayo said that since the Q3 workshop was "Outward bound workgroups" the Q4 workshop title would be "Mixed bound". Stating that it comprises workgroups and guilds that do things for both the ambassador program and the general public, for example Education Guild, Research and Development Guild, etc. He concluded that the workshop will take place within 4 weeks.

A.O.B - Ayo expressed gratitude to the participants.


#### Decision Items:
- Q4 TASKS ROSTER UPDATE: It decided that if a member completes tax tasks for another member during their absence, the responsibility for that task will be reassigned to the member who was absent. 


  - [**rationale**] To ensure accountability and equal distribution of workload among team members.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that any documenter or facilitator who does not attend the last two meetings prior to their assigned time will not be permitted to carry out their designated task.


  - [**rationale**] This ensures that all members are adequately prepared and engaged in the meeting processes.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- BUDGET/BUDGETING FITTING AND BUDGET ASSESSMENT: We decided that the core members should schedule a call to conduct the budget fitting. 
  - [**rationale**] This discussion will focus on aligning our budget with the guild needs.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Members are to update their records in the working document to meet the Core membership requirements [**assignee**] All Members  [**due**] 11 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] The committee to investigate Gorga‚Äôs allegations of Ayo and Effiom [**assignee**] Tuso., Cjfrankie  [**due**] 7 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Draft and make meeting notes available [**assignee**] effiom [**due**] 7 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Strategy call and strategic member tag update [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 7 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Resolve strategy guild quarter 3 reports and quarter 4 budget concerns before deadline [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 7 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Members to indicate interest to quarter 4 task roster by the end of the last meeting [**assignee**] All Members [**due**] 7 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Adoption of last meeting summary notes [**assignee**] All Members [**due**] 7 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Core members to schedule a call to conduct and analyze the budget fitting and present it in the next meeting. [**assignee**] Guild Core team [**due**] 21 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Workshop, Task Assignment, Budget fitting
- **emotions:** Casual, Organised

### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], Duke, CallyFromAuron, Onize [**documenter**], LadyTempestt, Clement Umoh, Duke, Ese Williams, aetherblade, Onize, CallyFromAuron, AdvanceAmeyaw, Kenichi, kateri, valola, PG, AshleyDawn, Osmium, TheFreysDeFi
- **Purpose:** Regular meeting of the AI Ethics WG
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HuEI-xirmijTFJ61DhnEAo9759VqDi8N)
- **Transcript:** [Link](No transcript)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics GitHub project board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2)

#### Narrative:
We began by going over the projects board on GitHub, beginning with the tasks "in-progress".

-  Most people still have their Q3 interview tasks in "to-do" - they were reminded to move them to "in progress" once they start interviewing. We noted that Q3 interviews will be costed under Q3 budget although we are aware that some will not be finished until way into Q4. There‚Äôs a soft deadline in place of 14th November; but we‚Äôll set final *final* deadlines with people individually and async. 
- Payment for the work people did at AGI-24: The Foundation has said that people may invoice individually in fiat if they are able to; so we are now waiting for information on exactly what an invoice needs to include and how it should be formatted. However, since not everyone is legally able to invoice, we are still pursuing a solution which will enable payments to be processed via the Ambassador Program's treasury system, although there are obvious difficulties given that the Ambassador Program has no official legal status, so it is difficult for the Foundation to process payment.
- Documenting GEI sessions: Jenn has not finished these yet, and hasn't responded to messages. We *could* reassign the task if there are Read.ai recordings available; but perhaps not a priority - we discussed whether we could let it go.

Tasks "to do":
- Co-chair mentee: Duke and Clement have expressed interest in the role in the past; they have agreed between them that Clement will take it for Q4 2024.
- Q4 interviewing: Issues have now been created on the board for Q4 interviews, but most people have not begun yet. Questions and updates can be raised in the Interviewers group chat on Discord.
- Survey-sharing: 6 people indicated interest in survey sharing: PG, Kenichi, Valola, Clement, Onize and Ashley. 
- Survey-sharing payment: The budget for this work is $30 each for 6 people, but how much sharing of the AI Ethics survey should one do for $30? We agreed that payment will be based on evidence that the survey has been shared, rather than on recording how many actual responses are garnered, since it's out of people's control how many replies they get, and because confidentiality and data-protection issues will arise if we try to keep evidence of who the respondents are. So as long as WG members can show they have done the work of sharing the survey and giving the information, that is enough. We also agreed that, for Q4 at least, surveys should be shared online even for personal contacts (so for instance, if you are sharing it to friends and family, you should email it to them rather than just telling them about it, to make it more possible to evidence that you did it).  Several suggestions were made for approaches to sharing - for example, in relevant threads on Reddit; via Twitter; and Kenichi mentioned sharing it at a conference he will be attending  this November in Lagos.
 

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed that if, by the WG meeting on 4th November, a lot of people have not yet completed their interviews, we will see if there is a need to set up a meeting to figure out the blockers and find a solution to moving forward. 

  - [**rationale**] People might be feeling anxious over preparations or might need further support
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- As soon as Vani gets info on how an invoice to the Foundation needs to look, she will open individual issues on the board to get the AGI-24 conference tasks ready for pay.

  - [**rationale**] The task is overdue for pay
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- LadyTempestt, as async work manager, will talk to interviewers individually to set 'final final' deadlines for Q3 interviews
  - [**rationale**] Interviewers' individual circumstances might vary, so we need to set individual deadlines
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Duke is handing over the co-chair mentee task to Clement
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Anyone interested in Q4 interviews who has not yet added their name and the details of who they want to interview to the list in the WG Google sheet, should do so as soon as possible.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Colleen will document the next meeting on 4th November, and LadyTempestt will take the 2nd of December.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to contact Jenn re: documention of GEI meetings. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LeeLoo to check whether any Read.ai recordings of GEI sessions are available [**assignee**] aetherblade [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Admin team to deliberate on how the survey-sharing task should be paid [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron, SucrenSpice, LadyTempestt [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget, Interviews, deadlines, Documentation, survey-sharing, Q4 2024 budget, budget-fitting, AGI-24, payment processing, sNET Foundation, Q4 admin roles,  data protection, 
- **emotions:** timely, Deliberative, Brief


## Tuesday 8th October 2024


### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** EstherG [**facilitator**], onize [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, Duke, aetherblade, Onize, CallyFromAuron, Advance Ameyaw, barnabas, Haley Lowy, Ashley Coventry, EstherG
- **Purpose:** Fortnightly Open Office meeting led by BeGIN (formerly the Global Ethics Initiative or GEI).
- **Transcript:** [Link](No transcript)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [BEGINEthical Project Update](https://drive.google.com/file/d/18zNfkBZtD60GeSMi5Dd2SRqFKLSfbzJt/view?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Discussion Points:
Duke initiated the meeting by sharing his thoughts on decentralization and its contrast with his country's oligarchy system. 

Recap of the BeGIN initiative‚Äôs aims and the role of the AI Ethics WG in supporting this.
Esther began by giving a recap of the BeGIN (Beneficial General Intelligence Nexus for EthicalAI), she mentioned the initiative started cause there‚Äôs hardly any voicing out of views on the ethics surrounding AI.  
She discussed the aim of gathering human values on safety and ethics and providing ways for people to contribute resources towards safe and ethical AI.
It has two phases: the creation of an AI chatbot and knowledge graphing; and a DAO resource-sharing system, which means people can contribute resources to the ecosystem and carefully distribute or set up systems to distribute the resources fairly. 

At present, we are in phase 0 of manual data collection. This is a crucial role of the AI Ethics Working Group (WG) within BeGIN. The collected data will serve as the foundation for constructing an information structure for the knowledge graph and subsequently developing the chatbot. 

Esther also spoke of the idea of "magic wand" -style questions: "What kind of AI tools would you want to develop if you had unlimited money?" This can create data for how people want to see AI and its resources used. She also spoke of the need to prioritise highly diverse data: so not just SNET ambassadors or people who know about AI, but also elderly people, young people, and even those who know zero about AI.

This phase 0 is so important and the interviews are such great reference points of data and will guide the chatbot to work for the users. She also noted that if any interviewee would like to be further involved in the process after their interview, they can state this on the consent form and there will be pathways for them to get further involved.

Phase 1 will be building the AI chatbot that exudes human values and ethics when interacted with.

And Phase 2 is the resource sharing system: resources such as time/volunteering, data, currency, crypto, computing resources. She spoke about how complex this phase will be because a system needs to be implemented of how time will be shared and how currency will be shared fairly. 

She also explained roughly how the DAO resource sharing will work: how this will be specifically about how AI resources will be shared, how the resources are governed and how they are fairly distributed. An evidence-based resource sharing will give structure to the DAO. The data coming in from the population about ethics can help us structure the operational side of the DAO.

She discussed the definition of a knowledge graph and what it entails. The knowledge graph will organize the interview data, and use the transcripts to code them into categories such as geographical locations and concepts linking them, which will help track patterns in the data. 

She went on to explain what KG are for: They are used first to represent knowledge and they are designed to grow and change based on the data collected from the interviews. They also help provide a way for LLMs and machines to interpret knowledge. She emphasized its usefulness in policymaking, science, and decision-making.

Onize asked about how testing for bias in the data would work and how the data would be handled. Esther addressed this by speaking of how that has been in consideration in the project and a team of data analysts will be set up to work on it.

Vani raised the need to collect demographic data to support analysis, and Esther highlighted its importance in the interviews. They discussed what data to prioritise and how to keep it concise, but no clear decision was made. It was agreed that further discussion is needed to finalise the approach and how to phrase things: for example, should we ask people about their "identity", or might that not always be understood? Colleen suggested asking  "Do you identify with any particular group of people?" and it was agreed this might be an effective way to put it in interviews.

We confirmed that when interviewers submit their audio files, they should use the agreed file naming convention: the file should be named with the interview's reference number and the date. This is so that interview audio files remain clearly associated with the relevant consent form, and also means that if an interviewee gets in touch to say they wish to withdraw, we can easily find their interview to delete it.

Leeloo announced the BGI Bookclub which would bring people together and inspire knowledge sharing. Mweetings will be biweekly beginning from October 16, and it will be open for the ecosystem to be a part of.

The meeting praised Duke and African Guild for their recent successful "AI Ethics Expo" event. African Guild hopes to organize similar future events, based on positive attendee feedback. They plan to maintain the current event scale rather than expand to larger formats. It was agreed to discuss funding and potential Foundation involvement in more detail at the next BeGIN Open Office.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Finding a way to collect demographic data and data on sensitive cases such as class, gender, and groups will help build the ethical framework for the KG and impact interviewers. However, it was not decided who would follow up on this, and a clear assignee and timeline would be confirmed in future discussions. [**due**] 8 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LeeLoo to include the book club details in the Ambassador Program calendar for people to participate. [**assignee**] LeeLoo [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ethics, chatbot, research,DAO, Knowledge Grapgh, Knowledge Graph, Interview, Data analysis, Human values, Inclusive, Demographic data, interviewing, survey, African guild, Bookclub
- **emotions:** insightful, Welcoming, progressive, Collaborative



### LatAm Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], SergioBenaR [**documenter**], Martin Rivero, Daniela Alves, Duke, guillermolucero, SergioBenaR, Andr√©, BoazB
- **Purpose:** @SNET_LatAm X-Space program and Q4 programs
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Q4 @X-Space Program and Schedule  @SNET_Latam LatAm Ambassadors Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tpwc9rlUrwGQgcN-ZY5J4KIFdQoTM7XShF4RUByZoo0/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.j50gsn6ym8hd)

#### Agenda item 1 - Marketing SubGroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
In Q4, the LatAm community will host several X spaces, as part of the objectives of its Marketing guild. These spaces will take place every two weeks, and will serve to communicate the progress of SingularityNET as part of the ASI, and the most important news of the ecosystem. Community members provided their ideas on the different areas in which AI could collaborate with humans. There was an extensive discussion of different topics that could be interesting to develop in the X space, each member expressed their points of view and there was also the participation of members of the SingularityNET community in Africa.


#### Decision Items:
- The first X space will take place in October and will be a round table format for an open conversation. The topic to be addressed is collaboration between AI and humans.
[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The space will be led by Guillermo and In√©s, and the team of ambassadors will participate in the conversation, contributing to the central theme of collaboration between AI and human beings. [**assignee**] guillermolucero, Martin Rivero, sergiobenar, Andrea Dekovic, Daniela Alves, inesgav [**due**] 18 octubre 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] The ambassador team will share the posts on X to achieve greater reach [**assignee**] Martin Rivero, Daniela Alves, Andrea Dekovic, inesgav, guillermolucero, SergioBenaR [**due**] 18 octubre 2024 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Educational Content, content calendar, Rewards, X spaces, AI-human collaboration
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Strategic, Task-focused, teamwork


## Wednesday 9th October 2024



### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], lord kizzy [**documenter**], Advanceameyaw, lord kizzy, osmium, CollyPride, malik, Slate, Billy, guillermolucero, AshleyDawn, Onize, Clement Umoh
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- R&D New Operations System Retrospective
- Collective decision Guild Members on the Entity connections
- Proposal voting results

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Collaboration Skills Database: AJ and Advanceameyaw have given the town hall presentation on deliverables 
- Proposal voting results: Guillermo shared the voting results and 3 out of 4 proposals passed the voting quorum: Contributor's Portal Integrations, the legacy system V1.0, Consensus Dashboard for Quarterly Reports and Budgets. Here is the link to the results;
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit#slide=id.g2d3693e018d_0_591
- Discussions on R&D New Operations System Retrospective: We had a retrospective session where members highlighted the benefits of the new operations system and areas for improvements. Here is the Doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Duke to give the presentation of the Ideation Project on Impact of Lingual Differences [**assignee**] Duke [**due**] 8 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] AJ, Emmanuel and kenichi to provide a video showing the final deliverables on the skill database proposal [**assignee**] AJ, Emmanuel(advanceameyaw), Kenichi [**due**] 8 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] kenichi to give a 3-minute presentation for the final deliverables on Legacy system at Townhall [**assignee**] Kenichi [**due**] 16 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to present a report on the discussion on the review of the Entity connections [**assignee**] Guillermo [**due**] 16 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to speak to Kenichi about incorporating the final report of the proposal into the Q3 documentation. [**assignee**] Guillermo [**due**] 16 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Guilds, Tool Development, AI tooling, Operations, Deliverables, Presentation, Documentation, Operations, Entity Connections, Retrospective, skills database, Q3 2024 report
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy, Welcoming, Thoughtful, Friendly, Collaborative

### LatAm Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Guillermo [**facilitator**], Sergio [**documenter**], Guillermo, Martin Rivero, Sergio, Daniela Alves
- **Purpose:** @SNET_LatAm Ambassadors Guild Town Hall #9
- **Working Docs:**
  - [ASI X Solana Copa America AI Track](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14CqJzcSaMxj_C4q1X93INio_w7aEWxXy/view?usp=drive_link)
  - [Andr√© de Carvalho CV_2024 ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14UCwVKrwazp65YIRCgqbkLNIPEpM6MmN/view?usp=drive_link)
  - [HackPack - AI Track at Solana Copa America Hackathon Building Cross-Chain AI Agents with Fetch.ai and Solana](https://fetch.ai/events/hackathons/solana-hackathon/hackpack)
  - [https://www.copasolana.com/](https://www.copasolana.com/)
  - [Opening remarks Guidelines _ ASI X Solana Copa America AI Track  _ 300924](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FaxN4ptbVAadpBTV6gPwNgylmEP9LY9_bQfj5WcON1k/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Update objectives Q4  - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
On September 12th, the SingularityNET Strategic Alliances team requested support from the SNET_LatAm team for the ASI X Solana Copa America AI Track initiative. 'Building Cross-Chain AI Agents with Fetch.ai and Solana'

This hackathon aims to challenge participants to leverage Fetch.ai agent tech and Solana‚Äôs blockchain to build applications that automate complex workflows and interactions in decentralized systems. We have outlined three levels of problem complexity‚Äîeasy, medium, and complex‚Äîeach presenting its own challenge.


In this follow-up meeting, the SNET_LatAm Ambassadors team met with the Strategic Alliances team to finalize the operational strategy for introduction WorkShop for the ASI -fetch.ai- solana-hackathon, which will take effect on Tuesday, October 1st. 

The LatAm team will provide support through communication channels and human resources to assist the Fetch technical team. Their responsibilities will include moderating discussions, serving as intermediaries for participants in Spanish and Portuguese, clarifying questions, and facilitating the exchange of ideas during the virtual Copa America Hackathon.

It was agreed during the meeting that the LatAm team would help with the introduction in Portuguese in charge of Andre and Daniela, supporting Rob and Sergey, who will handle the introductions in English and Spanish. Following the introduction, the team will participate in the first workshop of the event.

Additionally, the LatAm team will document each intervention and action, establish a methodology for tracking action items, and create a form to collect participant inquiries, which will help streamline a funnel of questions and answers.

The amount to be given to the winners will be established and shared by Rob to the ASAP team in order to incorporate it into the communication and the call to action.

At 18:00 UTC RoOb shared a text with the opening remarks for the Workshop. <<Link on top>>

The tentative schedule for Tuesday, October 1st, is as follows:

10:00 AM BRT (UTC-3:00): Opening remarks with Sana Wajid and Alex Blagirev
10:30 AM BRT (UTC-3:00): "Built on Fetch.ai" session with Abhi
11:00 AM BRT (UTC-3:00): AI Agents Workshop with Abhi
The remaining event schedule can be accessed via the hackpack: Hackathon Hackpack.


#### Decision Items:
- SNET_Latam Ambassadors Guild and @SIngularityNET Collaboration for the ASI X Solana Copa America AI Track initiative Operations and Suggestions 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] WorkShop Summary, following the LatAm Guild summary template Sergio will participate in the meeting, activating his read .ai and taking complementary notes to make a complete summary with action items and follow up items [**assignee**] Sergio [**due**] 30 September 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Continue designing the decentralized governance topics for discussion [**assignee**] Guillermo, Ines, Martin Rivero [**due**] 25 August 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Follow Notes and Participant Questionnaire form [**assignee**] Guillermo, Sergio, Martin Rivero [**due**] 30 September 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Follow channel "innovation-lab" in Fetch Discord [**assignee**] Guillermo, Martin Rivero, Sergio [**due**] 30 September 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Prices award in $. The amount to be given to the winners will be established and shared by Rob to the ASAP [**assignee**] Rob Intriago [**due**] 30 September 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Send first thingtuesday Oct 1, pervious to WorkShop link for online space [**assignee**] Rob Intriago, Guillermo [**due**] 29 September 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Marketing Strategic Communications - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
The LatAm team will be supporting the communication efforts and call 2 action for participation and event monitoring. Reinforcement of actions, encourage the LatAm community to participate in the event.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Send communication and promotional elements of Solana and ASI to translate and amplify the arrival and potential participation [**assignee**] Rob Intriago, Guillermo [**due**] 30 September 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Educational Content, Participant Questionnaire, content calendar, Prices , Rewards, Copa Solana , Fetch Ai, teamwork
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Strategic, Task-focused
- **other:** 



### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], osmium, AshleyDawn, Billy, Clement Umoh, Effiom, esewilliams, GorgaSiagian, kateri, lord kizzy, malik, martinsoki, Zalfred
- **Purpose:** Regular meeting of Education Guild. This meeting covered: Ai for Beginners Discussions - Ai for Beginners Complete Video for Module 1 - Certification Program Start Date/Demonstration - Webinar Series Discussion - Wiki Website Update 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Ai for Beginners Team](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e5vooqf-UacYMgm8oaiqImVk7PujpDbGDKgkVyI_zRs/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Ai for Beginners Discussions
- Ai for Beginners Complete Video for Module 1
- Certification Program Start Date/Demonstration
- Webinar Series Discussion
- Wiki Website Update

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting greeting everyone 
- Slate asked for confirmation regarding the Ai for Beginners Video - it was supposed to be a demo video but then was shifted to being a course original video. Osmium clarified stuff and showcased the module 1 video, which got approved. 
- Slate asked that proper documentation should be published for the Ai For Beginners team structure and the procedure should be properly documented  
- Slate showcased the certification program dashboard. We will launch it on Friday and the certification program channel will be opened to core contributors  
- Kizzy had multiple questions regarding this, which were clarified by Slate 
- Webinar series project: talks with Governance WG are ongoing and soon osmium will provide the initial document regarding it to which process to follow upon it 
- Ese notified that we should start the marketing for the certification program and green light was given to this. Slate suggested the publicity could be done through a flyer; Malik expressed interest in making one, and was given the task.  
- Gorga said he will soon provide the initial Wiki website design to the group, probably by next week 

#### Decision Items:
- Ai for Beginners demo video should be considered as module 1 video and replaced with its funding amount 
  - [**rationale**] most of the group agreed
  - [**opposing**] Nil 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Start the certification program on Friday 11th Oct [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 11 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Make the announcement for CCCP [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 11 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Create the flyer for the Certification program  [**assignee**] malik [**due**] 11 October 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Presentation, CCCP, dashboard, ideation, Reward automation, CCCP launch, publicity, flyer, Wiki, webinar series, Ai for Beginners, Video WG, Governance WG
- **emotions:** productive, Collaborative, Businesslike.


## Thursday 10th October 2024


### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** lord kizzy, osmium [**facilitator**], lord kizzy [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, lord kizzy, Yemi Solves, osmium, Onize, guillermolucero, Malik., PeterE, Effiom, Valola, LadyTempestt, SubZero, Advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, Kateri, AshleyDawn, Ayo, Slate, Gorga Siagian, Boaz, Hogantuso, Apple, Kareem
- **Purpose:** Explanation of the Blueprint and Roadmap for AI Sandbox and Think tank
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Blueprint for AI sandbox/Think tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Welcoming and Introduction of new members: members were welcomed into the call and we were able to gather some suggestions from some of the members, such as: education on MeTTa, use of knowledge graphs, and so on.
- EXPLANATION OF THE BLUEPRINT FOR AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK: Vasu went through the blueprint in detail. Here is the blueprint: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?usp=sharing
- Q&A Session: there were some questions from members, including "the schedule of our calls"- Lordkizzy answered that we are going to have the sessions alternately, so AI Sandbox one week, then Think Tank the next week.
there was another question on the similarities between AI sandbox/think tank and the R&D guild; lordkizzy explained the difference between them.

#### Decision Items:
- The sessions will alternate: AI sandbox one week, then Think Tank the next week.
  - [**rationale**] it gives enough time for members to interact efficiently
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Lord kizzy and osmium to create a presentation template for exhibitions in Sandbox sessions [**assignee**] lord kizzy, osmium [**due**] 17 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Peter to sort out the Zoom account settings for future meetings.
 [**assignee**] Peter [**due**] 17 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:**  Experimentation, Exhibitions, Knowledge Graphs, MeTTa, Brain Fog, meeting schedule, Zoom permissions, Zoom, 
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, speedy, progressive, Welcoming



### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], Duke, Advanceameyaw, Valola, Onize, Kateri, LadyTempestt, Eveline Trinite, Eric Davies, CJFrankie, martinsoki, Clement Umoh, esewilliams, Gorga Siagian, Sucre n Spice
- **Purpose:** The African Guild weekly meeting and progress updates.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [African Guild Onboarding Process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I1PgKuaK0ARydG7dRR8DgTcU8Oe3p2accfIuuCuzWEc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Revised African Ambassadors Guild Proposal Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XOM0dSHX4RxPdwEkdQBe0AGVgxME7H1liVVGHjZ5FD0/edit?gid=453284090#gid=453284090)
  - [African Guild Meeting Agenda, 3rd October, 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YOkUd83AhfYiTLs7pDzVpby8DhW3seB0uSYm8mX7J6I/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Report for the Ubuntu and AI Event Conference](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13vHY_7StwMEGkUzwybi9TnTmfgw-sH46QzPJVshFWhs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ubuntu and AI event Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a-JSaHCu_1iQ3BoxX6HkWSOQGopKDub3?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Kickoff: The meeting commenced with a warm greeting from Duke to all members. 

Documentation strategy: An issue was raised regarding the use of different documenting templates. This prompted a conversation on the need for consistency in the documentation process. Duke suggested appointing someone to take on the role of Archivist. This person would be responsible for reviewing all our documentation since the project began, scrutinizing it, and helping to define a clear and consistent structure.

Update on Research for Developing Indigenous AI Tooling: Onize gave an update that they have started making progress: they have drawn up their line of action and are awaiting a template from Ayo on the research. Duke highlighted the need for feedback on progress due to the time-sensitive nature of the project and the approaching deadline. He also requested a budget for the research so it can be properly allocated and fitted in the budget planning.

Update on Ubuntu and AI conversation: Duke clarified that the feedback we have been getting is excellent and we have clearance to continue. If we are thinking about the next city aside from Abuja, it would be Lagos. It was brought to our notice that the recorded versions of the events are accessible and they are in the drive. 
For our next iteration, Duke said that he had a theme he had come up with 'Ubuntu and AI memories of the future' although it is not set and may still change. 

Use of cameras during the meeting: There was a suggestion for people to have their cameras on during meetings. However, this was met with strong opposition from the majority of members.


#### Decision Items:
- We decided to remind members who is to document next in every meeting
  - [**rationale**] Reminding the next person responsible for documentation helps maintain clarity.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to have a second iteration of the Ubuntu and AI event, but the date has not been decided upon.
  - [**rationale**] The date has not been set due to budgetary considerations. 
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided to appoint Cjfrankie to review all the documentation since the guild began, synchronize it, and help to define a clear documentation structure. 
  - [**rationale**] This effort will enhance our team's efficiency and documentation structure.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The team for the research for developing Indigenous AI tooling to update the guild on their progress. [**assignee**] Onize, esewilliams, Ayo, advanceameyaw [**due**] 29 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] A weekly reminder to members who are next on the documentation roster. [**assignee**] Duke [**due**] 17 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cjfrankie to review all the documents, scrutinize it and help to form a defined and clear structure. [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 7 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] The team for the research to decide and provide the budget and the deadline for the research  [**assignee**] Onize, Ese Williams, Ayo, advanceameyaw [**due**] 17 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** indigenous tooling, Ubuntu and AI, Documentation, Camera usage
- **emotions:** Interactive, fun, Friendly, warm
- **other:** Ubuntu means "I am because we are". 


## Friday 11th October 2024



### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Ayo, Eric Davies, Ese Williams, Photogee, Kenichi, Kareem, Cjfrankie, lord kizzy, Mapula, malik, jaymeon, kateri, Advanceameyaw, GorgaSiagian, AshleyDawn, Mikasa, Temioluwa, Moitlheki
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Guild 11th October Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkD4UD3MUg4C_IdY5XSQBaTo88ULy0PhsRyeYPrq6-Y/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Community Engagement Initiatives  - Proposal Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0Sq3sOUShlMdJC25TCQ31rtgXxckZ3OYXRrHVhcMfewURtg/viewform)
  - [Community Creatives Initiaitives campaign](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qu35-D8o093OytFC14EMAVKYZtelcCxs_6fRvaXkO9E/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Podcast Ideation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AjFNtgCGXsr1nOS0JNs2lhBf8m5FXvZUgd1NiveSpGQ/edit)

#### Discussion Points:
- Welcoming New Members: Brief introduction and welcome to new members joining the team.

- Podcast Progress: There has been no update from Kenichi on the podcast, as the focus remains on the mascot initiative; no decision has been made regarding the format (video or audio), and the draft invitation to speakers is still pending.
- Zealot initiative: Ese mentioned that the zealot initiative is ready for a test run and upcoming launch.
- Mascot campaign: Ese confirmed that the mascot campaign has officially been launched.
- Community initiatives: Ese confirmed that people have started submitting their initiatives for review.
- Unified Content Calendar: Kizzy proposed a unified content calendar, allowing other guilds to request the marketing guild's support for post creation and event promotion if there is.
- Brand Guidelines and Content Management: Kareem discussed the importance of other guilds, like the R&D guild, strictly following brand guidelines, pointing out a recent issue with non-compliance.
- Brand Guidelines and Content Management (cont'd): Kizzy added that the same issue occurred with the Education guild and suggested the unified content calendar, along with marketing's review, would help prevent these problems in the future.
- Unified Content Calendar Publicity: Kenichi emphasized that once the unified content calendar is finalized, it should be publicized and integrated into the Notion board for better coordination across guilds.

#### Decision Items:
- Poll vote on podcast format: We agreed to hold a poll to decide between an audio or video format for the podcast. The poll resulted in video winning the vote. 
  - [**rationale**] To engage the audience with more dynamic and visual content, which could increase reach and interaction. This decision affects the marketing team, speakers, and production crew, as they will need to adjust their planning and resources to produce video content.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Brand guidelines adherence: It was agreed that any content to be published must strictly follow the brand guidelines
  - [**rationale**] This decision was driven by the need to maintain a consistent and professional brand image across all communications and platforms. It primarily affects all guilds creating content, ensuring they align with the set standards, and it holds the marketing team accountable for reviewing and approving content before publication.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Lord kizzy is tasked with speaking to the video workgroup today to discuss how we can unify these contents into a single calendar. [**assignee**] lord kizzy [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Mikasa is tasked with revamping the "Did You Know" content to make it more engaging and interactive [**assignee**] Mikasa [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Mikasa is tasked with drafting a social media post request form, which will include fields for the workgroup name, a link to the content, and an explanation of the objectives. The form must go through the proper ratification process before being implemented. [**assignee**] Mikasa [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Ese to share submitted community initiatives proposals with the review committee so they can be reviewed 
 [**assignee**] Ese Williams [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** planning, review, content calendar, brand guidelines, community initiatives proposals, social media post request, social media, podcast, podcast format, video
- **emotions:** Thoughtful, Well-attended, engagement, forward-thinking, engaging new people

### Writers Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Kenichi [**facilitator**], Cjfrankie  [**documenter**], Kenichi, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, Emmanuel Issac, Mikasa, SubZero, Malik, Evelyn Robert, Eric Davis, AshleyDawn, TheFreysDeFi
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the writer's workgroup, centered on the Q4 proposed budget.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [üßµ Twitter Threads Suggestions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/151H-_93hmL5Y59q_aQOxhkZ4-NpDM1Y6C7AfyHzNSQQ/edit)

#### Narrative:
Dework task updates: highlighting the people with a pending task. 

Cjfrankie shared his Twitter thread suggestions document. Kevin Frey piqued interest in the recently released X space ‚ÄúLongevity, Biotech, & Web3: How DeSci is Shaping the World.‚Äù He commended Rejuve for their work, and mentioned that he had close communication with Rejuve to see how biotech could help women Olympians in 2028.

Q4 Budget: Mikasa, Lady Tempestt, Gorga and Cjfrankie set the Thames on fire as we tackled discussions around the Q4 budget. We discussed splitting the budget to stablecoin, and keeping the remaining half in the foundation token (AGIX). We‚Äôre still skeptical about doing so if it‚Äôs not within the Treasury management. Cjfrankie is tasked to chase Andr√© or Effiom to get more insights into the swapping of AGIX to stablecoin, and if it eventually becomes a reality, will the treasury hold it? 

Following that, we discussed how to reward the outstanding tasks from September 2024. We also decided that those tasks won‚Äôt go unrewarded. So, the treasury should offset all Q3 pending payments with the Q4 allocation. There was a conversation about creating a multi-signature wallet to properly oversee our budget and know what‚Äôs coming in and going out. On the flip side, we agreed that Treasury would have access to this wallet's seed phrase, and it would have 5 signatories. Mikasa also highlighted some of the key reasons why AGIX's price dropped lately. 

More on the Budget: Kenichi also shared a brighter outlook on the budget by discussing how a bot can help simplify the multi-sig. Using the treasury bot, for example, he hinted that the bot can ping the wallet signers, give updates on transactions right inside the WWG channel, and more!!


#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to tell the Treasury to offset Q3 pending tasks with the Q4 budget.
  - [**rationale**] We couldn't just sit back and watch workgroup members go unpaid after all the effort they put in.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Cjfrankie to chase Andr√© concerning the pending Q3 tasks that haven‚Äôt been paid out! Letting him know that the treasury can offset the cost from the proposed Q4 budget.

 [**assignee**] Cjfrankie  [**due**] 11 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Cjfrankie to ask Andr√© about the swapping of AGIX to stablecoins and see if the treasury can hold it for the WWG. [**assignee**] Cjfrankie  [**due**] 11 October 2024 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Treasury, Multisig, wallet, Pending rewards , Stablecoins , AGIX, Q4 2024 budget, offsetting budget, AGIX price
- **emotions:** short, discursive , forward-thinking



### Video Workgroup

No Summary Given

## Saturday 12th October 2024

### Gamers Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], devon [**documenter**], hotasiro, martinsoki, malik, rebel, scarecrow, kateri, Eric Davies, AshleyDawn
- **Purpose:** Regular meeting of Gamers' Guild. This meeting centered around WG creators showcasing their progress and discussing improvements for their workgroup models and plugins tutorials
#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- Scarecrow showcased the updated Treasury Guild building model on Roblox.
The building features:
Vibrant design with the Treasury Guild logo.
Guarded entrance with two guards.
Main entrance area with a board displaying meeting times.
A Miro board representing treasury and ambassador wallet details.
A waiting area enhanced with a TV, fans, and other lively elements.
Cash counter managed by NPCs representing treasury members.
Staff-only areas including an ATM and a highly secured meeting room.
File handling area with added security cameras and amenities.
A vault storing AGIX, monitored by NPCs.
Slate praised the model for its realistic bank-like vibe and the excellent additions.

- Slate provided feedback on the building model for Dework/Github PBL, created by PhotoGee and Rebel.
Key points of feedback:
The "Meeting Room" label is floating and should be repositioned.
Non-functional lighting fixtures need attention.
Implementation of a futuristic door model for consistency across departments.
Color schemes and materials do not match the intended design.
Decals should be updated to reflect Dework or GitHub PBL content instead of generic or unrelated images.
Oversized chairs need scaling down to fit character proportions.
Anchoring issues causing objects such as tables to detach.
Empty areas should be filled with relevant content, possibly incorporating GitHub PBL materials.
Lord Kizzy suggested updating references from Dework PBL to GitHub PBL due to the course evolution.
Discussion on designating floors for Dework PBL and GitHub PBL respectively.

- Tutorial on Roblox Model Selection Tools and Plugins:
Slate conducted a tutorial on using the Negate and Union functions to create precise spaces, such as doorways in walls.
Demonstrating how to create holes in walls that match door dimensions exactly.
Introduction to essential plugins:
ResizeAlign: For precise resizing and alignment of parts.
Archimedes: To create circular or spiral designs.
Scene Tools: For adding animations such as spinning parts.
Part to Terrain: Converting parts into terrain materials e.g. water.
Slate emphasized the importance of anchoring objects and proper lighting for night visibility.
Lord Kizzy recommended recording the tutorial for future reference.
Slate agreed and began recording for later distribution.
- Slate inquired if any gamer guild members were not working on a workgroup, to which Lord Kizzy and Devon expressed interest.
- Slate skipped other model updates to allow creators ample time to complete and showcase their work and because the process can be time-consuming.

#### Decision Items:
- Slate will record and upload the tutorials on using Roblox tools and plugins to a shared platform
  - [**rationale**] to allow creators to revisit the tutorial for improved understanding
- splitting floors of building between Dework PBL and GitHub PBL.

  - [**rationale**] Because the course has now transitioned to GitHub PBL.
- Ensure that all workgroup models are properly lit
  - [**rationale**] for nighttime visibility.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Animation & Dialogue System - Education Guild [**assignee**] malik, hufiumer69 [**due**] 26 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Animation and dialogue system - Treasury Guild [**assignee**] martinsoki, scare-crow [**due**] 26 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Animation and dialogue - Archives Workgroup [**assignee**] GorgaSeagian, kateri [**due**] 26 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Department Creation - Dework PBL [**assignee**] rebel, Photogee [**due**] 26 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Department Creation - R&D Guild [**assignee**] oep, CollyPride [**due**] 26 October 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Game Rules:
Racing game: the first to finish three laps wins.
participants: malik, martinsoki, lord kizzy, devon, scarecrow, rebel


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Devon

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Roblox, metaverse, department creation, work updates, Map creation, plugins, anchoring objects, lighting, tutorial
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, informative, Building, contributive
- **games played:** Racing Game
