---
description: Mon 21st Oct - Sun 27th Oct 2024
---

# Week 43

## Monday 21st October 2024

### Strategy Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Photogee [**documenter**], Ayo, Photogee, Ese Williams, Cjfrankie, Eric Davies, lord kizzy, Effiom, kateri
- **Purpose:** This meeting aims to discuss progress in the  Q4 plans and initiatives.

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Strategy Guild Q4 2024 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fs4p6fR13u0OEPiDSmd8Q3iSW-M-UjUN2ho0AHUOKM8/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Q4 task roster](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Context Setting Document: Cap on number of Contributors.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SaZTEaLkYkfxfJeN_9V82olsYDTC3gBIeaT2dQLY9Fk/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RB4SMAtV_UMw5OAyl5sVit6iZv-HlZ-Nh-ndu5I8nqU/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Strategy guild workshop session ( Report and Analysis)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ObqjPMxOiIldhyYtTwZ2XmhiI5PKtxdJ67DWh9rAImU/edit?gid=0#gid=0)

#### Decision Items:
- The Q3 workshop will have Async Follow Up assigned on it, and feedback will be documented.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The Q4 workshop to flag off by November 4th Call.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom conclude budget fitting
 [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom to give a progress update on Q3/Q4 Research on next call. [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ayo to adjust/update the tasks roster.
 [**assignee**] Ayo [**status**] done
- [**action**] Photogee to make meeting summary notes for this meeting available
 [**assignee**] Photogee [**status**] done
- [**action**] Photogee to facilitate November 4th Call [**assignee**] Photogee [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] CjFrankie to document November 4th Call
 [**assignee**] Cjfrankie  [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom to follow up with core and member tags
 [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q4 budget, roster, Facilitation, Documentation, Q4 propsals
- **emotions:** Casual, inclusive, fun, Collaborative, decisive
## Tuesday 22nd October 2024


### LatAm Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], SergioBenaR [**documenter**], guillermolucero, Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR, Daniela Alves
- **Purpose:** @SNET_LatAm Program for the XSpace #2 Ecosystem Update, LatAm Edition / @SNET_LatAm Metta Coder Lab

- **Transcript:** [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01JAV3P1CPM652SEJ6EPYW8FB7?utm_source=Share_CopyLink)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [#2 X Update y Noticias del ecosistema @SingularityNET _ 241024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M6MSuG-lfKjo72GqaDk58iNijQVygaT6JCzlaTjAS-s/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Q4 @X-Space Program and Schedule  @SNET_Latam LatAm Ambassadors Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tpwc9rlUrwGQgcN-ZY5J4KIFdQoTM7XShF4RUByZoo0/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [@SNET_LatAm Metta Coder Lab _ 171024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RXZNXfXNDZ8qPdO1wT_D4Qa7Hm3hxJlw2AbPmLvMroc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Marketing SubGroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
Continuing with the development of the X spaces, the second one of Q4 was held under the leadership of Martín and Sergio. This space had the characteristic of providing an update and news from the SingularityNET ecosystem and the ASI. The structure and points for the program for October 18 have been defined.


#### Decision Items:
- The second X-Space of the LatAm SingularityNET community took place on Thursday, October 18, with the theme of “Ecosystem update and news”

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Martín and Sergio will have a prior meeting to organize the development of the program in the X space. [**assignee**] Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR [**due**] 18 octubre 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Martín and Sergio will host X Space, alternating their participation and establishing times for news from the ecosystem, the LatAm community, and news from outside the ASI ecosystem [**assignee**] Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR [**due**] 18 octubre 2024 [**status**] done

#### Agenda item 2 - Education WG - @SNET_LatAm Metta Coder Labs - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
A virtual biweekly event aimed at disseminating, educating, and training developers in the LatAm region on MeTTa Language and its integration with OpenCog Hyperon. The program focuses on teaching multiparadigm programming, self-modifying code, neural-symbolic reasoning, and AGI development. The labs provide hands-on experience with MeTTa's unique architecture, empowering developers to contribute to AGI projects within a collaborative framework. Methodology: create a collective use case and work sync and async with community members on the development. Work in progress. [TBD] Educate and train a team from @SNET_LatAm to execute and carry out the program. Potential candidates.


#### Decision Items:
- Develop the program details during Q4 2024
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Develop the program details during Q4 2024 [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 22 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Reach out to sNET Foundation and @SingularityNET MeTTA tech team [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 22 October 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** content calendar, rewards, X spaces, MeTTa coder lab, Foundation, OpenCog Hyperon
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Strategic, Task-focused, teamwork




### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** EstherG [**facilitator**], Onize [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, Aetherblade, Melissa Rivera, LadyTempestt, Onize, EstherG, AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, AndrewBen, PeterE
- **Purpose:** Fortnightly Open Office meeting led by BeGIN (formerly known as the Global Ethics Initiative or GEI).
- **Working Docs:**
  - [2025 AI Conventions ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1n-qlSc2ji1Y1vScEpPCX6n7JfnpeduIpuT3RLs7o47c/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [BeGIN overview and current status](https://drive.google.com/file/d/18zNfkBZtD60GeSMi5Dd2SRqFKLSfbzJt/view)

#### Narrative:
Discussion Points:

Updates on the Status of the Research: 
Esther gave an update. 
Making progress and moving forward in the research as developments and donations have been coming in for the past couple of weeks.
In addition to the qualitative research that is being done by the Ambassadors AI Ethics WG, a resource-sharing platform for people to make donations and fund specific, safe, ethical, and beneficial AI projects is on the way.
Over the next weeks, coming up with ideas of how to collect funding and distribute it in a DAO fashion.
Kicking off with social integrations and a WordPress website, open to receiving input from anyone who knows of sites to model the ideas on.
The website's goal is to display projects, integrate with Deep Funding, and provide a space for people to propose projects. However, it would be a great idea to leverage existing infrastructures through Deep Funding.
A simple interface for people to be able to donate resources before moving into more functions such as time banking


Updates/Feedback from Interviews:
Based on the consent form, there are now 33 interviews coming from the Ambassador program.
Clement gave feedback on his interviews: the surprising turns the interviewees took and how expressive some of them have been. He also spoke about taking time to explain the privacy policy and how anonymity is maintained. His candidates were concerned about data privacy and understanding parts of the consent form. He also spoke of having to travel to different places, as online interviews were not his best bet. He said that facial cues and body language were a part of his research and he wanted to document that. Overall, it was a great experience.

LeeLoo spoke of accessibility improvements being in the works, so that individuals who could be colourblind, have low hearing or low vision, would be able to participate and access consent forms etc without any issue.

There was also a discussion on the challenge of balancing how much information to provide in interviews without leading respondents, and gathering insights on how much an interviewee understands, whether people know terms like "AI" or whether we should say "artificial intelligence".
We raised the possibility of asking an initial question about how much the interviewee feels they know about AI, and coding interview responses to distinguish between participants who have been exposed to educational materials and those who haven't, to help avoid bias in interpreting the data. Acknowledging that participants’ answers could vary widely based on their limited or extensive exposure to different AI tools (e.g., ChatGPT vs. broader AI knowledge), and how this may impact the overall data interpretation.

There was discussion around the time and effort required for the consent process, and how that should be factored into the compensation for the interviews.


TBD:
- Potentially code the interview data to differentiate between interviews where the participant had no prior exposure to AI vs. those who have.
- Consider ways to accommodate people with disabilities or limited technology access in the interview process.
- Continue the conversation about how to factor in the time required for the consent process when compensating interviewees.


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ethics, chatbot, research, interviews, DAO, data analysis, human values, inclusive, demographic data, interviewing, survey, knowledge graphs, interview analysis, accessibility, disability
- **emotions:** Insightful, welcoming, relaxed, collaborative, progressive


## Wednesday 23rd October 2024



### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], AndrewBen, AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, Effiom, esewilliams, GorgaSeagian, lord kizzy, malik, martinsoki, SubZero, Zalfred, hogantuso
- **Purpose:** Regular meeting of Education Guild. This meeting covered: Project Based Updates
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Ai for Beginners Team](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e5vooqf-UacYMgm8oaiqImVk7PujpDbGDKgkVyI_zRs/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
-   Ai For Beginners 
-   Certification Program
-  Education Guild Website Wiki / CCCP Integration 


#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting greeting everyone 
- Updates from different projects, and discussion
- Ai For Beginners: Scripts are coming in, 90% complete. Minor editing required to pass the scripts to the community for  review

-  Certification Program: Marketing going well; one announcement made today. Core Contributors were tagged. We will make an announcement in upcoming townhalls and workgroup meetings. 

- Education Guild Website Wiki / CCCP Integration: Design template is being worked on by Gorga and Franklyn and is about 70% complete. Gorga presented his design in Canva; Slate pointed out some stuff and gave suggestions 

-   Workshop / Webinar Series: Osmium ill, he will be joining in soon 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Slate to update the Ai for Beginners arrangement document  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 31 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Updates from Ai for Beginners  [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 30 October 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** CCCP, announcement, publicity, Core Contributors, Town Hall, scripts,Wiki, Wiki design template, project updates
- **emotions:** productive, Collaborative, Businesslike.

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], Advanceameyaw, LordKizzy, osmium, guillermolucero, AshleyDawn, AJ, Clement Umoh, PeterE
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting's Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- R&D's New Metta Coder lab 


#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: going forward, updates on development will be given monthly rather than weekly
- R&D Guild Metta Coder Lab Initiative: Guillermo highlighted that the metta coder lab initiative will be moved to the next quarter. Guillermo also shared the metta coder lab survey form for review before publication
- Follow up on the CSDB: lordkizzy and guillermo hosted a call with the team to discuss the challenges and expectations for the project, we also discussed the collaboration of this project with Onboarding WG and also the integration with the WEB3 dashboard and reputation system

#### Decision Items:
- The Metta coder lab initiative has been pushed to the next quarter 
  - [**rationale**] There needs to be proper time to discuss with the team and plan the process
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that updates on development will be given monthly rather than weekly
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] kenichi to give a 3-minute presentation for the final deliverables on his Legacy system in the Townhall on the 22nd Oct [**assignee**] Kenichi [**due**] 22 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Guillermo to present a report on the discussion on the review of the Entity connections [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 30 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy & Guillermo to schedule a follow up call with the team for CSDB to discuss the integration and hosting of projects   [**assignee**] LordKizzy, guillermolucero [**due**] 23 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Guillermo & Lordkizzy to schedule an operational team meeting to discuss the potential schedule and roadmap for the Metta Coder Lab sessions for Q4 [**assignee**] LordKizzy, guillermolucero [**due**] 23 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Clement to give the guild's monthly townhall update [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**due**] 29 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Guilds, Tool Development, AI tooling, Operations, Deliverables, Presentation, Documentation, Operations, Metta, Metta Coder Lab, Onboarding WG, Collaboration Skills database, Legacy system, Town Hall updates, Entity connections, survey
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy, Welcoming, Thoughtful, Friendly, Collaborative, productive



### LatAm Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], SergioBenaR [**documenter**], guillermolucero, Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR
- **Purpose:** @SNET_LatAm Program for the X space #2: "Ecosystem Update and News"
- **Transcript:** [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01JAXQAJCE7894CMJKWH59Y9QT?utm_source=Share_Nav )
- **Working Docs:**
  - [#2 Update y noticias del ecosistema](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M6MSuG-lfKjo72GqaDk58iNijQVygaT6JCzlaTjAS-s/edit?usp=drive_link )
  - [Q4 X space program SNET_Latam](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tpwc9rlUrwGQgcN-ZY5J4KIFdQoTM7XShF4RUByZoo0/edit?usp=drive_link)

#### Agenda item 1 - Communications SubGroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
Martín and Sergio will be in charge of the second X space of SNET_LatAm, entitled "ecosystem update and news", which will take place on Thursday, October 24, according to the program for Q4. They met to establish each point to be developed, the duration, the topics, the order and the assignment, which was presented during this meeting.


#### Decision Items:
- The second X-Space of the SNET_Latam community will take place on Thursday, October 24, with the theme of “Ecosystem Update and News”

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The X-Space will begin with an opening and presentation by Guillermo. Then, Martín will comment on the first news item, Sergio will give the second, and so on [**assignee**] Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR, guillermolucero [**due**] 23 octubre 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] The news will be developed in the following order: news from the SNET ecosystem, news from the SNET_Latam ecosystem, news from outside the ecosystem. [**assignee**] Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR [**due**] 23 octubre 2024 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** content calendar, X spaces
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Strategic, Task-focused, teamwork



## Thursday 24th October 2024



### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LadyTempestt [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, LadyTempestt, Duke, lord kizzy, Sucre n Spice, CallyFromAuron, Éveline Trinité, AshleyDawn, Valola, esewilliams, CollyPride, Clement Umoh
- **Purpose:** Weekly Open Governance session
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Context Setting Document (report back from focus group)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SaZTEaLkYkfxfJeN_9V82olsYDTC3gBIeaT2dQLY9Fk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ideas for new approaches to budget decisions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jr_Yoq-d_WZWRMNcBFy-GkSNWFbm-VD2J14b69v520/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [CONFLICT RESOLUTION FOR SINGULARITY NET AMBASSADORS](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1beMEt9XmPvHNaH08Rh5_taTI0QhHcyy15Q6XcXXDWUI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Decision-making models - a flowchart (Miro board by jeremy Bolander)](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOsELu0U=/)
  - [Should there be restrictions/a cap on joining the Ambassador Program? (Cryptpad doc for anonymous discussion of the Focus Group's recommendations)](https://cryptpad.fr/pad/#/2/pad/view/ipJrKwnNkw59JlxfG3H4gzcL1qtL0lU5lstf-88XIaI/embed/)

#### Narrative:
1) Should we continue using Consent as our decision-making methodology for the decsion on Q1 2025 budgets? After discussion, we concluded yes (see "Decisions" below), but possibly with adaptations, and definitely with a commitment to looking into other methodologies in time for the Q2 2025 budget decision.

2) Should we include the possibility of delegation (i.e. Core Contributors who don't want to take part fully could delegate their decision-making power to another core contributor this time? On balance, we decided no (see "Decisions").

3) What should be the timeline for the decision on Q1 2025 budgets? We based it on the timeline for Q4 2024, but allowed for a Christmas break starting c. Fri 13th Dec; and we removed the initial iteration where people just say whether or not they consent to each budget, because our last  retrospective showed that it didn't work well. So our agreed timeline is:

        - WGs submit Q1 budgets and Q4 reports by Mon 25th Nov
	- Core Contributors submit their consent forms by Mon 2nd Dec
	- Discussion of objections takes place in Governance call on Tues 3rd Dec
	- WGs submit adjusted budgets in response to objections by Sun 8th Dec
	- 2nd-round consent forms are shared on Mon 9th December
	- Core Contributors submit their 2nd-round consent forms by Wed 11th Dec
	- Discuss and finalise in the OpenGov call on Thur 12th Dec.

We noted that this timeline means that WGs will be reporting on their Q4 work before the work is fully completed; so we agreed that WGs will be asked to report on October and November, with projections for how they expect their work to be finalised in December.



#### Decision Items:
- We decided to continue to use a Consent methodology to make the decision on Q1 2025 budgets.
  - [**rationale**] Although several people in the meeting said they would prefer to stop using Consent and try something else, overall it was felt that people are not yet sufficiently well informed about other methods of decision-making to select a new approach at this stage. 

We also noted that the problems that have been identified with the decision-making process in Q3 and Q4 may not be due to the "consent" method itself, but to not using the method properly; so we should make the Q1 2025 decision more definitely a "consent" process.
  - [**opposing**] Several people said they would prefer to move away from Consent as a methodology. It was noted that Consent was only adopted as an experiment, so we need to stay open to the possibility of trying a new experiment at some point. 
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided that although Consent will continue to be used for the Q1 2025 budget decision, we commit to starting soon to look into other methodologies, so we can make an informed decision about whether to change to a new method in time for the Q2 2025 budget decision.
  - [**rationale**] Because, in order to decide on a change to our decision methodology, there would ideally need to be a proposal on the table about *which* new method to use; and this could only develop after discussing several options.

We also noted that if we change the method without addressing underlying issues that have been identified in retrospective sessions, they will only resurface later. 
  - [**opposing**] None.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed *not* to use delegation as part of the decisionmaking process for Q1 2025 budgets. 
  - [**rationale**] Several reasons - 
1) It shifts the process away from "consent" and towards something more like a vote. It was suggested that if we want to move to voting, we should make an overt decision to do so, rather than introducing elements that turn it into a vote without a decision to do so.
2) People canvassing for delegates was felt to be an unappealing idea, and also open to corruption - people could promise favours for delegating to them, or threaten repercussions for not doing so. A governance process should not rest on trust that "Nobody here would do that", but should be designed to be robust and safe even if people did.
3) It perhaps only gives an illusion of increased participation and engagement with governance. Delegating one's decision-making power can mean abdicating responsibility.
  - [**opposing**] Delegation could offer a way for people's voices to be heard even if they don't have time or energy to complete consent forms.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that given we are not using delegation, we should in future sessions discuss other ways to address the issues that delegation was intended to address - specifically, enabling people's voices to be heard even if they do not take part in completing a consent form
  - [**rationale**] because fully engaging in the consent process is quite demanding of people's time and energy, and not everyone is able to do it - and it's important to consider ways for them to nevertheless have a voice.
  - [**opposing**] None.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed on a timeline for the Q1 2025 budget decision process - see "meeting narrative" above
  - [**rationale**] Starting on Nov 25th, and omitting the initial "no-detail" consent round, should make it possible to conclude in time for the Christmas break.
  - [**opposing**] None.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that WGs will be asked to report on October and November only, with projections (where applicable) for how they expect their work to be finalised in December.
  - [**rationale**] because if WGs are submitting quarterly reports on Nov 25th, some of their Q4 work is likely to not yet be complete.
  - [**opposing**] None.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to create Cryptpad doc for anonymous discussion on the solutions suggested by the Focus Group about a potential cap on numbers in the Ambassador Program - done, see https://cryptpad.fr/pad/#/2/pad/view/ipJrKwnNkw59JlxfG3H4gzcL1qtL0lU5lstf-88XIaI/embed/ [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 24 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Guillermo to create an infographic to share and publicise the Cryptpad doc [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 31 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Decision Making Process, consent decision making, dates, deadlines, Q1 2025 budgets, delegation, inclusion, corruption, Q4 2024 quarterly reports
- **emotions:** decisive, focused

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Effiom, Advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, Kateri, AJ, CollyPride, AshleyDawn, André, LordKizzy, PeterE, martinsoki, Malik, guillermolucero
- **Purpose:**  Introduction to the first Think-tank session.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Blueprint for AI sandbox/Think tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Agenda items: AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pp9oEkb3hWvVHxkLj8MJ3ySKWv05HCbJIUGaXFXBbfw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Meeting Coordination and Introduction: Lord Kizzy welcomed everyone and addressed the confusion regarding the meeting Zoom link.
- Lord Kizzy talked about our first AI Think Tank session: a round-table discussion on the topic of the impact of AI on the jobs market.  He defined this as a structured discussion where we come together to exchange ideas, insight, and knowledge related to artificial intelligence.
- Impact of AI on Jobs Market: How will AI affect job availability in various industries like manufacturing, healthcare, education? Peter gave more insight into this - he said it’s getting seen as AI will take over our jobs and leave us with no jobs, he noted that in Manufacturing for example workers have already been replaced by automation; but AI also creates jobs in AI itself, developing AI for manufacturing; while in healthcare, AI is expanding human lifestyle through research using AI, for example organisations such as Rejuve Bio.
- Which sectors are most likely to see job displacement, and which are poised for growth due to AI? Advance said that in manufacturing, it is mostly in Western economies where many things are being automated, not like in Africa where there is still much industrialization.
- New Skills for an AI-Driven Economy: What skills will be most valuable in the workforce as AI continues to evolve? Clement said skill development should revolve around skills that can allow people to easily adapt to AI changes into what is being needed. He believed that the critical skill is adaptability. Advance gave more insight about it which is to understand.
- Human-AI Collaboration: In what ways can AI enhance human productivity, creativity, and decision-making at work? Lord Kizzy said that AI and human collaboration is important in the sense that AI can't go beyond what the programmer programmed for it, so it needs humans for their creativity to bring up new ideas.
- How can companies foster collaboration between AI systems and human workers, rather than replacing them? Kateri said AI can never replace human creativity because AI can't do more than what they are programmed to do, but humans are creative thinkers able to generate ideas; then in the aspect of problem-solving, AI is very good at analyzing problems but it can not completely solve them, it can only bring out ways to solve the problem.
- Automation vs. Human Creativity: Can AI fully replicate human creativity and problem-solving, or will certain tasks always require human input? Malik said that AI can't replace human creativity.
- Ethical Considerations of AI in the Workplace: How can we ensure that AI technologies are used responsibly, avoiding bias and discrimination in hiring and performance evaluation? Peter said that AI are not biased and can’t discriminate.
- What are the ethical implications of using AI for employee monitoring and decision-making? Advance said under the decision making AI is a little biased. Clement dropped more insight that states AI running through certain codes and would agree that the ability to monitor and decide is going to be based on certain lines of code provided, based on pattern recognition. So we can tell the AI model, once you see someone doing this particular stuff, grade it as excellent or grade it as good or grade it as poor performance, and so on.
- AI Performance Ratings and Future Implications: Lordkizzy decided to play a little game with the house by rating AI‘s impact in the future (10 for the best thing humans have ever seen and super beneficial, 0 for AI will fade away in the next 3-4 years, -10 for AI will cause more harm than good and is likely to be a disaster).  
- Malik rated it nine out ten
- Advance rated it minus ten and ten
- AJ rated it seven now but in future lower to five
- Clement rated it five, reflecting on the balance view of the whole stuff
- Colleen rated it minus ten and ten
- Guillermo rated it minus ten and ten
- Kateri rated it nine and minus eight
- Peter did not give a ratings to this. 

- Lord Kizzy summarized the session by stating that one observation he had from the discussion is that AI is not going to fade away in the coming years. Its wider impact is yet to be seen but AI is here to stay.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that Clement will hold the next AI sandbox session
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided on having a theoretical debate on “AI and its impact in Education.”
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Members who want to document meetings should indicate their interest [**assignee**] All Members [**due**] 31 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy to create a repo for the next call where members can submit polls documentation for the AI tools. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 31 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Clement to host the next AI sandbox session [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**due**] 31 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI round table, AI Think Tank session, AI and jobs, job availability, employee monitoring, AI decision-making, AI ethics, AI bias, discrimination, human-AI collaboration, job displacement, creativity
- **emotions:** Welcoming, interactive, Thoughtful , entertaining



### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], CJFrankie [**documenter**], Eric Davies, Duke, Kateri, LadyTempestt, Kenichi, Bethel Akpo, Clement Umoh, advanceameyaw, CJFrankie, martinsoki, Effiom, esewilliams, Valola
- **Purpose:** The African Guild weekly meeting and progress updates.
- **Other media:** [Link](http://singularitynet.africa/ | https://www.instagram.com/snet_africa?igsh=cDEzMWNmemFqdjVp |  https://www.linkedin.com/in/singularitynet-africa  | https://medium.com/@singularitynet.africa | https://x.com/Snetafrica | https://t.me/+5oS0y-KXEJczY2Y0  | https://www.youtube.com/@SingularityNet.Africa)
#### Narrative:
Kickoff: The African guild meeting began at 5:18 PM with Duke welcoming everyone. We glanced over the minutes from the last meeting to tick off some action items. First off, Duke gives credit to Martinsoki for documenting excellently; however, he pointed out that the summary has two different font styles! He added that meeting documenters should use “Nunito" font as our standard.

Research updates: Advance shared an update on the “indigenous AI tooling research.” He added that Phase One of the research, which was about drafting process documents, has been completed. The research team is yet to embark on phase two.

AMA Session: Clement shared insider tips on the AMA side of things. He hinted that decisions have been made on the forthcoming AMA session scheduled for November 29th. Speaking of time, the purpose of the AMA session, and the selection of speakers, there are several ongoing discussions. The session will feature engaging moments such as Q&A and other interactions from previous sessions. Lastly, he added that come the next meeting, the speakers will be selected; and the team will share more detailed updates.

AOB: As a matter of finality and news worth mentioning, Duke announced the approval of his Deep Funding proposal, which aims to spread the word on SingularityNET in the African continent. Although it's a work in progress, he showcased the newly launched website (https://www.singularitynet.africa). He mentioned the impact of SingularityNET in African universities — the team has been working behind the scenes on this. He also showcased all the social media platforms while encouraging African Guild members to share their feedback and thoughts on the project. 

More AOB: The meeting also featured the presence of Kenichi, who spoke about the forthcoming blockchain event at the University of Lagos (Unilag); he sought clarity on the number of African Guild members who will be live at the event. He also spoke about taking the discussion to Marketing Guild to ideate more, and the AI Ethics workgroup to see how they can support by providing merchandise from the Foundation or BeGIN for the event.

Duke also discussed the forthcoming Virtual AGI conference scheduled for November which is the first of its kind on the African continent.



#### Decision Items:
- We have decided to make the Nunito font the standard font for our meeting documentation.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Duke to provide the email addresses of people who will have editing access to the Ambassadors Google Drive. [**assignee**] Duke [**due**] 31 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Duke to chase Ayo to get a clue on how many people will volunteer their presence in the BUI event run by Kenichi.
 [**assignee**] Duke [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Sucre to translate articles from Ubuntu and AI events.
 [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice [**due**] 31 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** DeepFunding, African, BUI, Conference, Research, AMA Session Updates, Unilag, Translation, Documentation, universities, African universities, indigenous tooling
- **emotions:** Resourceful, informative, quiet, short


## Friday 25th October 2024



### Writers Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Kenichi [**facilitator**], Cjfrankie  [**documenter**], Kenichi, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, Mikasa, AJ, Evelyn Robert, Eric Davis, AJ, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the writers' workgroup.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [DRAFT: Budget Proposals Sheet: Q1, 2025 Writers Workgroup ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XDAPSG9y4U8nhQWQgrok3Z6pG9vsbfYPIMD7gISBJo0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [RE-q4 Budget Sheet: Q4 Writers Workgroup ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11QohtEjrDGo-kPPOas3V2BAh7dmp6XEqzMoI9CqxncU/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Kick-off: The weekly meeting of the WWG started at 3:10 PM with a warm welcome greeting from Kenichi. Immediately, we surfed the Dework board to check out some tasks in progress, and then Kenichi mentioned that he would assign deadlines to the DWeb3 series threads. He also started a conversation around the ecosystem page and the community page, noting that no article has been published on the community page since the 1st of October. Momentarily, he hinted that we should have an end-of-the-year recap draft, covering the entire achievement and milestones of the WWG in a year. He also talked about the successful Twin Protocol token launch on Uniswap, and suggested that the WWG should write something to publicize it.

Budget: There is now less money in the proposed Q4 budget, because some Q3 tasks were paid from the Q4 budget. In light of this, Kenichi said that he’ll fit the Q4 budget. This discussion led to Kenichi’s suggestion to shift from USD-based payments to AGIX-based payments. Lady Tempestt commented that AGIX-based payments will result in members being underpaid. Kenichi quickly responded that the WWG is not shifting its focus to AGIX-based rewards; rather, rewards will be sent based on AGIX calculations, since AGIX’s price isn’t stable! This way, we can streamline our budget spending so it doesn’t affect the workgroup, which can make us run out of funds.

Open Discussion: Cjfrankie and Kenichi started a thrilling conversation on how the ambassador program can explore new things to leapfrog to greater heights. We shared some potential ideas on possible initiatives that can motivate the foundation, which can lead to funding. Due to some recent events, the African Guild, LatAm, and four articles from the WWG were spotlighted by the SNET Foundation, so we should give them more reasons to support the ambassador program. We also shed light on how some Web3 communities are doing great things out


#### Decision Items:
- As the year wraps up, we look forward to Q1 2025. In light of such, we shall begin discussions about the Q1 2025 budget on the 1st of November.
  - [**rationale**] We want to speed things up so won't lag.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget , Ecosystem page, community page, Q1 2025, AGIX, Twin protocol , Dework, Tasks, DWeb3 series, AGIX price, budgeting in AGIX, Drafts, threads, SingularityNET Foundation, Q1 2025 budget, African guild, LatAm, Budget fitting, token price, token price instability
- **emotions:** interesting, discursive , informative

### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Zalfred [**facilitator**], Hogantuso [**documenter**], malik, SubZero, Rojo, Zalfred, Hogantuso, AndrewBen, devon, LordKizzy
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the Video WorkGroup. The meeting focused on task updates.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Video Workgroup Budget request Q4](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1m3H2V7GPw5XGwpvtB5lizEHwHQTZOCe-_tqDCKysrJU/edit?gid=0#gid=0)

#### Discussion Points:
- Rojo gave a brief breakdown of our social media, looking through the engagement for TikTok and Instagram, as engagements have been staggering in both accounts (possibly caused by the closure of the Zealy program). But it has been much better for Twitter and the YouTube account since the workgroup produces more content for posting and the uploads have been going smoothly so far. The Town Hall recordings were a bit slow this week and Rojo encouraged the assignees to do better in completing the work on time.
And he was suggesting to work on very interactive videos or hot topics in the ecosystem for more engagements.
- There was a brief announcement from the marketing workgroup from Slate as a task force member giving updates on the content calendar. This needs two representatives from each work group who will be responsible for giving updates from the workgroup. Members need to send in their emails and the social media manager needs to fill out a form.
- Interaction discussions were made on the Abuon tus video. The members who showed interest in making videos looked at how to go about the video creation and how long. We also discussed the animation video for those who'd work on animation for this quarter as we'd be going for a monthly plan on the subscription and the wheel be moved to next month, this month is already coming to an end.
- Lord Kizzy gave an update from governance workgroup's recent discussions on the implementation of budget caps for Q1 2025, Video WG would have a cap of $10k.

- We had a conclusion on the biweekly ecosystem update, members shared their insight and ideas on how we can go about this and if it's a necessity.

#### Decision Items:
- The task manager will reach out to LilyCupcake not to create an ecosystem short but can come up with something else.
- Lord Kizzy suggested that we decide in the meeting to appoint two members as representatives for the workgroup.  
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Members to create animations for this quarter are SubZero, Malik, LordKizzy and AndrewBen. [**assignee**] SubZero, malik, lord kizzy, Zalfred, AndrewBen [**due**] 31 December 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Task Assignment, budget cap, Q1 2025 budget, Animation, social media, content calendar, Town Hall Videos, ecosystem update
- **emotions:** productive, Casual, informative, Friendly

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Ayo, Eric Davies, Photogee, Kenichi, Kareem, Cjfrankie, malik, Aguboss, Olokoji, Malik., Advanceameyaw, esewilliams, LordKizzy, Gorga Siagian, AshleyDawn
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Community Engagement Initiatives  - Proposal Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0Sq3sOUShlMdJC25TCQ31rtgXxckZ3OYXRrHVhcMfewURtg/viewform)
  - [Community Creatives Initiaitives campaign](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qu35-D8o093OytFC14EMAVKYZtelcCxs_6fRvaXkO9E/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Podcast Ideation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AjFNtgCGXsr1nOS0JNs2lhBf8m5FXvZUgd1NiveSpGQ/edit)
  - [Meeting Agenda ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkD4UD3MUg4C_IdY5XSQBaTo88ULy0PhsRyeYPrq6-Y/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Mascot  Top4](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M5LzIHl0nQmIO3jSB3SCJpQOZf3cfg1SbdGopb2u3W4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Design work group proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11S48I_jYovOB_Feyj0ZRVAdbmM8u1ztcbpCh7C1y-gY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Summary 18th Oct, 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EvmE9Un8sp6zQXXKCtTnEDWoOm9SCUJLomEFJIXT26c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Content Calendar Update: Kizzy stated that the content calendar has been scheduled and shared with guilds to upload their respective content.

- Progress Tracking: Photogee reported that responses are coming in, and he is compiling them.
- Podcast Initiative: Kenichi suggested involving members from the Writers' and Video Workgroups for the podcast and assigning each episode to interested members, while Kizzy recommended that task assignments for the podcast initiative remain specifically within the Marketing Guild.
- Zealot Initiative: Ese confirmed that the Zealot initiative is ready to proceed.

- Community Proposal Submission: Ese requested that team members submit their community proposals through the community initiative link.
- Mascot Initiative: Kareem announced that the mascot initiative has concluded.
- Brand Guidelines Enhancement: Kareem proposed enhancing the brand guidelines to strengthen the SingularityNET brand image.
- Marketing guild meeting time: Ayo suggested shifting Marketing Guild meetings to a biweekly schedule, noting that agendas have become repetitive, focusing primarily on updates without much new content.
- Marketing initiative: Kenichi reiterated the importance of attending the Unilag Web3 event, highlighting tangible benefits such as networking and face-to-face connections. He suggested securing a booth, a 10-minute speaking slot, and distributing flyers with QR codes to join SingularityNET, emphasizing that this would greatly benefit the Marketing Guild.
- Marketing Initiative: Kizzy raised concerns about budget constraints for attending the Unilag Web3 event, as it was not originally included in the budget. Olokoji suggested weighing the benefits against the cost, while Ayo proposed drafting a proposal to submit to the sNET Foundation for potential funding.

#### Decision Items:
- The team agreed to keep task assignments for the podcast initiative within the Marketing Guild, allowing members to indicate interest. 
  - [**opposing**] Mikasa opposed this approach, suggesting that Marketing should not be responsible for writing articles.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kareem to present updated brand guidelines from the Design Work Group. [**assignee**] Kareem [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kenichi to share a document where members can indicate interest in roles for the podcast initiative. [**assignee**] Kenichi [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All Members to fill out Notion with their activities to qualify for rewards. [**assignee**] All Members [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kizzy/Mikasa to announce publicly that the content calendar is available and should be adopted by all guilds and workgroups. [**assignee**] Mikasa, LordKizzy [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Photogee to reach out to Mikasa regarding the Social Media Request Form draft. [**assignee**] Photogee, Mikasa [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ese to provide updates on community initiative proposals. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Photogee to follow up with a link to all initiatives and SingularityNET assets. [**assignee**] Photogee [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** community engagement, brand guidelines, content calendar, social media, meeting time, change meeting time, Notion, Rewards, Unilag Web3 event, podcasts
- **emotions:** Thoughtful , warm, interesting, lengthy