---
description: Mon 28th Oct - Sun 3rd Nov 2024
---

# Week 44

## Monday 28th October 2024

### Treasury Automation WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, CallyFromAuron, Valola [**documenter**], Advanceameyaw, André, Effiom, EstherG, PeterE, Tevo, Valola
- **Purpose:** We develop the Treasury System
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/mRLU_tLhwqY)
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKympo8o=/?moveToWidget=3458764603865995130&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Treasury Automation WG Q4 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19q6KtuU8F7PQLW1sTMEDxCYFI3ig1sOeUbdf2Bm5kLY/)
  - [Treasury Automation WG Budget Estimations](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19q6KtuU8F7PQLW1sTMEDxCYFI3ig1sOeUbdf2Bm5kLY/edit?gid=1852063843#gid=1852063843)
  - [Treasury Automation WG - 28.10.24 Development Updates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k4TPL6VcwA)

#### Agenda item 1 - Month of October Development Updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- 28.10.2024 Development Updates video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k4TPL6VcwA
- The completion of main functionalities with ongoing testing for the JSON generator
- We finalized the process map for data movement directions
- We addressed issues regarding format consistency, fixed quarterly totals, and JSON generator fee date bug
- Features that were not implemented but were addressed differently

#### Decision Items:
- Most of the development for the JSON generator moving forward will be around the User Interface 
  - [**rationale**] because the main functionalities are now in place
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Conduct end-to-end testing for JSON generator functionality to ensure readiness. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Update the duplicate recognition feature to scan across the entire transaction history [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Implement and test database changes to align with the updated treasury system requirements [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Updates related to the Treasury Manager - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Plan for a complete overhaul, including a database update for enhanced functionality
- Creation of a filtering option to handle over-budget tracking which caused new bugs requiring fixes
- Improved role configurations, the manage files panel UX, and updates done on the Participation Rewarding sheet
- Simplification of task/group reward assignments and addition of a new column for recognition status
- Overview of Backlog Updates like bundle transaction fitting
- Using API for Zoom mass import participants

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to build Zoom API for mass import and seek developers to work on the project
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The new Excel overview for the Bundle Transaction sheet, and a snapshot of the overview task, will be done after all the updates to the Treasury Manager

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Bundle Transaction fitting - Automation of submitting multiple bundle transactions feature is no longer necessary. 
  - [**rationale**] Automating would mean some form of standardization but for now, it is easy to customize it in Excel
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create and share a form for developers to apply for building the Zoom API [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Update Data Mapping and Research Views  [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Finalization of Quarter 3 activities and tasks - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Quarter 3 Proposal: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JuUjsLn6gXH4iHE9w3sv_pJnwzA4uWiHk8Q9ladP-qg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.cy5465ix7fj6
- Estimated development time resource for backend

- Estimated development time resource for Excel

- Documentation went 1 hour over the estimated time

- Should we move the outstanding Q3 documentation items to this quarter or fund it from Swarm?

#### Decision Items:
- The budget for preparing meetings came from Treasury prep allocations

  - [**rationale**] We did not budget for it in this Workgroup's budget
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Based on the outcome of Q3, the actual results will be relevant when budgeting for the next quarter
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Agenda item 4 - Q4 Plans and Deliverables - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Q4 Deliverables that are being carried over due to resource constraints

- Adjustments to the Q4 budget: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19q6KtuU8F7PQLW1sTMEDxCYFI3ig1sOeUbdf2Bm5kLY/edit?gid=1852063843#gid=1852063843
- Established a new metadata standard with the potential for future adjustments based on overhauls and testing outcomes
- Update done to include meeting duration into reward calculation for Contribution vs. participation tooling
- Overview of Zoom import manager Q4 tasks

#### Decision Items:
- GitHub API, import of Github tasks to the Treasury Manager, and creation of a tool to automate generating Core Contributor lists are being carried over to the next quarter
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Add the completed task to the deliverables map [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 5 - Workgroup Project Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting Summary for the 28.10.2024 session
- When should we reward participation?
- Looking ahead into Q1 2025 

#### Decision Items:
- Reward development contributions right after they are done and also reward participation after meetings
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Valola will draft the meeting summary and Effiom will review and publish it in Discord
 [**assignee**] Valola, Effiom [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Draft Q1 2025 proposal and Q4 2024 Report - Effiom, Valola, and Advance [**assignee**] Effiom, Valola, advanceameyaw [**due**] 25 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** JSON generator, duplicate recognition, end-to-end testing, database, Treasury system, date formatting, API, API development, API Readiness, budget filtering, participant import, Zoom API integration, Q4 2024 roadmap, metadata standard, participant rewards, participant reward management, task group assignment, UX
## Wednesday 30th October 2024

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], Advanceameyaw, LordKizzy, osmium, guillermolucero, AshleyDawn, AJ, Clement Umoh, SubZero, CollyPride
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting's Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- R&D New Metta Coder lab 

- Fetch AI/SOLANA COPA AMERICA

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting's Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: going forward updates on development will be given monthly rather than weekly
- R&D Guild Metta Coder Lab Initiative: Guillermo shared the survey form for members (https://forms.gle/y6FiaCLQzJKpTeDF7), he also shared some documents for members to add their inputs (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iyTYXeXyzc-jMOKxggCMQJbtCR1uHH9FInS6CTCwDNU/edit?usp=sharing, https://docs.google.com/document/d/17n3zU9ZBwgPiw1f8ExaPgh7Ma9-H00QNz-oUgE5QNdQ/edit?usp=sharing).
- Follow up on the CSDB: lordkizzy and guillermo hosted a call with the team to discuss the challenges and expectations for the project, we also discussed the collaboration of this project with Onboarding WG and also the integration with the WEB3 dashboard and reputation system
- Fetch AI/SOLANA COPA AMERICA: guillermo explained about the Fetch AI/SOLANA COPA AMERICA and its applications with AI agents, he also gave a presentation
- Ambassador program's Content calendar: Subzero informed the group that they will be needing two participants from the  R&D GUILD to have edit access on the content calendar, the names will be sent out to subzero after the call


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Clement to give the guild's monthly townhall update [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**due**] 29 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Guillermo to share the Hackathon pack to the R&D Guild channel [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 6 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to schedule a follow-up call with the teams to discuss the integrations of projects [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 6 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Tool Development, AI tooling, Deliverables, Presentation, Documentation, Operations, Metta, Metta Coder Lab, survey, Hackathon, Fetch, Solana, Copa America, content calendar, Marketing Guild, onboarding WG, Collaboration Skills Database
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy, Welcoming, Thoughtful, Friendly, Collaborative, productive
## Thursday 31st October 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], Photogee, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], LadyTempestt, CallyFromAuron, lord kizzy, AshleyDawn, Kateri, MartinSoki, Onize, Cjfrankie, SucrenSpice, Eric Davies, Photogee, Cjfrankie, Advanceameyaw, Effiom, Valola, AJ, Gorga Siagian
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting discussing how to onboard people to the Ambassador program
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Skillshare Matrix Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12R9WMWZRBQDRnnHUFC3dVoZwRkgKgNfj7uLBSaBNqkg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Adjusted Q4 budget proposal ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x9Rwdujw6BnYHtqx5TAeoEo1HK4N2OyJUguDH2hNHwQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p2u-GhdK6cVCS6TmU2ME2G5WbtEIOzSxSVpGHC0fzbQ/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.e0i68kevq8jk)
  - [Onboarding Journeys Quick Survey](https://forms.gle/VcQVJAoXtYa1ukB77)
  - [Skills database form](https://skillsdatabase-21b11771237e.herokuapp.com/members/members-list/)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- We agreed the minutes of the last meeting. 
Vani raised the point that if corrections are made to a summary by WG members, then the documenter needs to make the relevant changes when they add the summary to the meeting summary tool. (In the last meeting summary, the documenter unfortunately didn't do this.)


- Skillshare matrix: The regular call-out for members to add their skills to the skillshare matrix, both the ones they intend to learn and the ones they currently have.
- Onboarding Journeys: As an extension of the work on Onboarding Journeys, Onize has created and shared a Googleform ("Onboarding Journeys Quick Survey") to ask people in the Ambassador Program about their own onboarding journeys, and any barriers they have faced. There has been only 1 response so far, but it was interesting - the person "felt all alone and had to catch up with the Ambassador's program's purpose which honestly doesn't feel completely clear yet". So we need to think about how we will address issues that come up in the form; and we also need to keep sharing it. We agreed the Onboarding Focus Group will look at this when they meet tomorrow; and Onize will keep sharing the form every now and then.

- Onboarding Journeys: Lord Kizzy suggested having monthly/quarterly surveys tackling challenges facing new members.
- Research on decentralisation: Kateri briefly discussed the research that she and Ayo are working on. They will be asking their questions in small-group interviews, which will be recorded. We agreed that we'd like to see a little more info on the planned research methodology (e.g. how interviewees will be selected; how the interviewers will ensure a valid and ethical approach).

- Potential collab with R&D Guild: We discussed a collaboration with R&D Guild on skills info - i.e. their Collaboration Skills Database and our Skillshare Matrix.  

Questions were raised on the use of the term "soft skills/hard skills" in R&D's database, which some people find quite dismissive of the range of "non-developer" skills; and we discussed whether the work that Onboarding has done in our Skillshare Matrix on describing and defining different non-developer skills might be useful. 

Advanceameyaw and Lord Kizzy, as members of R&D Guild, said R&D intends that the info in the database could be used by Onboarding in signposting new people to tasks and WGs that suit their skills. Some concerns were raised about whether this connects with Onboarding's existing processes, and whether the Collaboration Skills Database info is in a useful format: the Database currently uses a lot of free text, which can take time to interpret; and we queried whether controlled vocabs would be better and would give more usable info. We also noted that if this was done, then "non-developer" skills would need to be defined in ways that make sense to people who actually have those skills; we noted that previous iterations of the Database, which *did* use controlled vocabs, didn't really succeed in this.

Questions were also raised on privacy and data protection issues: AdvanceAmeyaw noted that these have been considered, but Vani said they may not have been been considered thoroughly enough. 

We agreed that a dedicated meeting between Onboarding and R&D would be useful.
- Marketing WG is asking for 2 people from each WG to be responsible for adding material to their new Content Calendar - so if a WG needs any marketing or promotional material to be produced, they add it to the calendar, and Marketing will produce it. We agreed the Onboarding Focus Group will select 2 people when they meet tomorrow.

#### Decision Items:
- R&D will consider not using the ‘hard skills/soft skills’ terminology in the in the Collaboration Skills Database
  - [**rationale**] The term can be unclear (people vary on what they define as a "hard/soft skill"; and the terms can be experienced as somewhat dismissive.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The 2 forthcoming skillshare sessions (Monitoring and Evaluation on 21st Nov; Decentralised Governance on 5th Dec) are to be publicized with an infographic.
  - [**rationale**] Presenting both sessions on one infographic means less work, and also shows that it's a "program" of skillshare sessions, not just a couple of random one-offs.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that the skillshare session on Monitoring and Evaluation is on Thurs 21st Nov, not 25th Nov 
  - [**rationale**] It has previously been recorded in error in meeting summaries as 25th Nov.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy to add dates for meetings and Skillshare sessions to the calendar. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 4 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Onize to re-share the googleform for the "Onboarding journeys quick survey" to the ambassador-general Discord channel [**assignee**] Onize [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] CjFrenkie will prepare and deliver our Town Hall updates for 26th November.
 [**assignee**] Cjfrankie  [**due**] 26 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy and Advance will schedule a meeting for further discussion on collaboration between onboarding and R&D on the Skills Database. [**assignee**] LordKizzy, advanceameyaw [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Clement will facilitate the next meeting and Tuso will document.
 [**assignee**] Clement Umoh, Hogantuso [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy will prepare the meeting agenda for our next meeting [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 14 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] In their meeting tomorrow the Onboarding Focus Group will work out how best to work on insights from Onize's Onboarding Journeys form. [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, CallyFromAuron [**due**] 1 November 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] The Onboarding Focus Group will select 2 people from the WG to be responsible for adding material to the new Content Calendar that Marketing WG is doing [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, CallyFromAuron [**due**] 1 November 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** skills matrix, research, meeting dates, collaboration skills database, skills database, skills audit, R&D guild, Marketing Guild, content calendar, hard and soft skills, Town Hall update, Onboarding focus group, onboarding journeys, barriers to onboarding, barriers, skillshare sessions, monitoring and evaluation, decentralized governance, Decentralization, useful documentation, Documentation
- **emotions:** Collaborative, Casual, speedy , contructive criticism