---
description: Mon 21st Apr - Sun 27th Apr 2025
---

# Week 17

## Monday 21st April 2025

### Writers Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** kenichi [**facilitator**], CJFrankie [**documenter**], kenichi, Mikasa, CJFrankie, Gorga Siagian, devon, Evelyn, inesgav, LadyTempestt, AJ
- **Purpose:** The weekly meeting of the writers workgroup
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Writer Draft Submission Form](1FAIpQLSethRUYdbTEJoKv7nPu8APhf6ECpRtwhN23TOzYrIBA9vLALQ)
  - [WWG Role Document V1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p76mxmbZp3raZixJwQnlsvg7kCyGjBYFvHHLWk9OwfA/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Kick-off: The writers' workgroup weekly meeting commenced at 3:10 p.m. Kenichi reviewed the action items from the previous meeting. He announced that the Twitter premium plan had been activated and that the monthly Town Hall updates from January would be the first publication on X. Furthermore, Kenichi stated that the Web3 publishing platforms required additional attention and, to that end, requested that Cj Frankie and Gorga submit their first drafts.

DRAFTs: As agreed in the previous meeting, article suggestions will now be submitted via spreadsheet. In this meeting, Kenichi demonstrated the new writer's draft submission form, which streamlines the process. Writers can now suggest articles, include submission and preferred publication dates, and provide other relevant information. The form's integration with a Google Sheet simplifies tracking for the workgroup. Ines also recommended considering tools like Trello to further enhance workflow. In response to a question from Lady Tempestt, Kenichi confirmed that both writers and scribes will have access to the submission form. Once a draft is approved, the scribes will submit it to the community page. Kenichi will coordinate with Peter to pin the form link to the writer's channel for easy access.

Role document: Ines inquired about the new role document and its associated thresholds. Kenichi clarified that the document would be accessible this quarter and that there would be no penalties for not meeting any outlined expectations. He explained that the document's purpose is to track Scribblers' progress over time, enabling the workgroup to make informed decisions, such as whether or not to onboard new members.

Ambassador program website: In this meeting, Ines proposed the idea of creating a platform or WordPress for the workgroup, where all information about what we do can be easily accessed! Kenichi then revealed that he is collaborating with the R&D guild to develop an ambassador program website. This site will house comprehensive information about all participating workgroups, each of which will have its dedicated page with updated access.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kenichi to chase Peter to pin the writer's draft submission form in the writer's channel.
 [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 28 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Learning Points:
-
## Tuesday 22nd April 2025

### Governance Workgroup

Meeting was cancelled: Easter break

## Wednesday 23rd April 2025

### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], esewilliams, frosh, Gorga Siagian, LordKizzy, osmium, smilez, Zalfred, hogantuso, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** module adjustments - Zalfred Presentation on Canvas LMS - portfolio form
#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- Then after the welcome the meeting shifted to discussing the topic of the updates which were suggested to Gorga's presentation on DeepDive Ecosystem, which covered the addition of AI marketplace interaction and how to work with it 
- Afterwards this Zalfred presented his presentation on Canvas LMS platform , which according to the feedback felt really nice for the hosting of CCCP as it offers most of the feature that we are looking for and seems like a best fit 
- Tuso mentioned that he will be working on his presentation this week and will present in the next 
- Zalfred mentioned that he is going to be awaiting kenichi's reply on the adjustment that are needed to be made on the presentation series 
- At the end Slate shared the portfolio form on which discussion was held asking for improvement points and others, the form will be shared with everyone to participate by tomorrow 

#### Decision Items:
- Canvas LMS seems like a good option for CCCP 
  - [**rationale**] Most agreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Slate to share the form [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 24 April 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Zalfred to work upon the research module  [**assignee**] Zalfred [**due**] 30 April 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Tuso to work upon the research task  [**assignee**] hogantuso [**due**] 24 April 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** projects, CCCP,  research
## Thursday 24th April 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, UKnowZork, PeterE, Tevo, Duke, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw, Jeffrey Ndarake, Kaletsidik Ayalew, esewilliams, Évéline Trinité, Effiom
- **Purpose:** Regular Weekly GovWG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [LOW BUDGET BRAINSTORM 110325](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVISH_ACg=/)
  - [AI Ethics Q4 report](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qX06HtyTIO-a_jEpp8XnaO-V9RHvfAPt16cx2K3o8iw/edit?usp%3Dsharing&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1745873145999153&usg=AOvVaw0FCEodW52ecfHe_jW4K19h)

#### Narrative:
FUNDS ALLOCATION AND RESPONSE TO LOW TOKEN PRICE.
Tevo expressed concerns about some workgroups' unclear spending priorities and compared it to his own experience with treasury automation, where he was surprised by the funding allocation. Peter questioned why certain workgroups were billing $50 per hour instead of the expected $20, though he acknowledged the higher rate might be justified depending on the workgroup. Tevo also noted the lack of clarity in how rewards are tied to attendance, suggesting more details might come in a future proposal. Vani shared a Miroboard to address the low token price, allowing team members to vote on ideas and identify actionable next steps.


SUPPORTING WORKGROUPS IN OFFERING THEIR TOOLS AS A SERVICE AND TASK FORCE FORMATION.
In previous calls, we discussed workgroups' collaboration with partners and spin-offs, and the tools they offer. A suggestion was made to form a task force to explore marketing these tools to spin-offs. We also talked about increasing funding by helping workgroups seek alternative streams and proposed a sign-up sheet for workgroups interested in joining projects or needing funding for existing tools. Emphasis was placed on prioritizing quality over quantity and having focused conversations on which initiatives to support. We agreed to pause further action until the next governance workgroup call. Lastly, we explored how to support workgroups in presenting their ideas, whether through DeepFunding, RFPs, spin-offs, or related operations, as part of the planned task force.


AUTOMATION AND MEETING FREQUENCY 
Concerns were raised about the current research and development phase of many tools, with automation seen as a way to enhance existing processes, not just innovate. Translation automation was discussed, but concerns about quality and onboarding remain. The recent move to GitHub was viewed positively. The Process Guild supports broader automation efforts, though full implementation will require time and resources. There’s interest in further exploration next quarter, potentially through a formal proposal. Emphasis was placed on understanding the impact and avoiding workload concentration on a few individuals. Regarding meeting reduction, most workgroups have already reduced meetings, with positive examples like the AI Ethics group (see to AI Ethics Q4 report in the working docs). It was suggested that workgroups share reflections on how this has affected their work to inform future planning.


PAYMENT STRUCTURES AND BUDGET CAPS
Tevo noted that tasks in the African guild are sometimes prepaid, particularly during busy periods like holidays, which can be efficient but may lead to issues, such as mistakenly paying for meetings that haven’t occurred yet. We acknowledged that while no one is actively preventing prepayments, errors can arise when schedules are confused. A concern was raised about the impact of token price fluctuations, especially for workers paid in tokens like AGIX, with some questioning whether workers should bear the risk of price drops. A suggestion to prepay when token prices are high was discussed, though it was noted that workers would still have to manage the timing of token sales. We agreed that tasks with more certainty, like group meetings, could be prepaid, but it would depend on the task and the commitment involved. Duke suggested hedging in USD to avoid token price risks, but there were concerns about the program’s ability to handle this complexity. Ultimately, it was decided that workers could hedge independently after receiving payment, but the program wouldn’t take on the responsibility of converting payments to stablecoins or USD.


LEGAL CONTRACTS AND TASK BASED COMPENSATION
We discussed managing funds and contracts, particularly the costs of establishing a legal framework for payments in anything other than. AGIX (paying in USD or converting to a stable coin). Initial legal service estimates are around $1,000, but there's uncertainty about whether the SingularityNET Foundation can sign contracts for fund custody. The group plans to reach out to the foundation for clarification and follow up with a lawyer on potential costs.
A suggestion was made to raise awareness among workgroups about paying for tasks in advance, especially when future prices might increase. The conversation also touched on the impact of reward volatility on income, with the idea of addressing this through a governance session and survey. Lastly, we considered setting a budget cap for rewards per person to prevent overpayments, with flexibility for exceptions in cases requiring specialized skills. We also agreed that this topic should not be publicly discussed in the next Townhall meeting to avoid privacy problems, and it was confirmed that this item would be addressed in an upcoming governance call happening on Thursday 1st of May.



#### Discussion Points:
- FUNDS ALLOCATION AND RESPONSE TO CURRENT LOW TOKEN PRICE
- SUPPORTING THE WORKGROUPS IN OFFERING THEIR TOOLS AS A SERVICE AND TASK FORCE CREATION
- AUTOMATION AND MEETING FREQUENCY
- PAYMENT STRUCTURES AND BUDGET CAP
- LEGAL CONTRACTS AND TASK BASED COMPENSATIONS

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani will create a sign-up sheet for the task force to support workgroups in selling their tools as a service. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 25 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo and Peter will ask the foundation if they are willing to create a contract for holding funds in USD. [**assignee**] Tevo, PeterE [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani will create a sign-up sheet for the task force to research other sources of funding for workgroups. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:**  Team Collaboration , AGIX rate, Allocation, DeepFunding, Q2 2025 budget, Budget fitting, volunteerism
- **emotions:**  informative,  Collaborative, Discursive;