---
description: Mon 14th Apr - Sun 20th Apr 2025
---

# Week 16

## Tuesday 15th April 2025

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Évéline Trinité [**documenter**], Tevo, Gorga Siagian, Évéline Trinité, advanceameyaw, Jeffrey Ndarake, Effiom
- **Purpose:** AGGREGATING AMBASSADOR PROGRAM ASSETS AND RELEVANT INFORMATION UNDER GITBOOK 
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764622431858027&cot=10 )
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Dework]((https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild))

#### Agenda item 1 - WORKGROUP MANAGEMENT  - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Dework Task Management 
- Who will collect assets?

#### Decision Items:
- Recognise Knowledge Base WG contributions using Github
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Daniel Effiom to draft Q2 progress report. [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to review Q2 Progress report. 
 [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Eveline to draft Meeting summary  [**assignee**] Évéline Trinité [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to review meeting summary 
 [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Daniel Effiom and Tevo lead to collect the assets [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - REVIEW KNOWLEDGE BASE GITBOOK - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What is the Knowledge Base GitBook useful for?
- The Knowledge Base GitBook serves as a structured repository for storing key assets and information, enabling better coordination in a decentralized environment. It helps establish a commonly understood source of truth, ensuring alignment and accessibility across contributors.
- The Knowledge Base GitBook is for searching general information about the Ambassador Program and understanding how contributors are engaging with current projects.
- While the initial Miro Board layout helped visualise content types and identify gaps, the transition to GitBook has made it difficult to compare the coverage of questions.
- Is there something that should be there that isn't there?

- Is there a link that should be removed?
- Is anything unclear or confusing?
- Can you think of “why” or “how” questions that you would like to know about the Ambassador Program in the KB structure?
- Do you use "Knowledge Bases" often?
- 
Decentralised organisations seem to use Knowledge Bases more often

#### Decision Items:
- Focus on improving the guiding Knowledge Base users
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create a short (2min) video Tutorial on how to use Gitbook.
 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Create a short summary about the Knowledge Base approach for organising GitBook. [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to update Miro Board Colours to match with the new asset visibility status on GitBook [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - REVIEW AND UPDATE END TO END KNOWLEDGE BASE UPDATE PROCESS - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed Knowledge Organising Process 
- (New [Miro Board Window](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764624239502493&cot=10))

- Should we create templates and publicity material?

#### Decision Items:
- This quarter, we will collect material without templates and publicity, but collect information that the selected leads choose to add to GitBook

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that short tutorial videos will be created by members of the Knowledge Base Workgroup who are both willing and familiar with the content. If additional support is needed, we’ll follow the [Video Workgroup’s commissioning process](https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups-space/video-workgroup/structure-and-governance/comissioning-a-video-from-the-workgroup) to request assistance.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create a video showing and explaining the steps in the Organising Process [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Check back on the last meeting before Q3 submission if we benefit from having built in onboarding features used by our Organising GPT to help contribute to workgroup [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Check back on the last meeting before Q3 submission if we benefit from updating the Miro Board Organising Resources View (as now its directly done in Google Sheet using [KB GPT](https://chatgpt.com/g/g-5ynQ4fAv6-ambassador-program-knowledge-base-wg-ai-organiser))
 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Gitbook, Miro Board, Dework, Q2 Progress report, Video Tutorial, Summary, Github, knowledge base
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Businesslike.


## Friday 18th April 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], kareem, kenichi, Eric Davies, Kateri, UknowZork, SubZero, photogee, esewilliams, LordKizzy, AJ, Évéline Trinité
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2/2025 R&D New Proposal Submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf1RXR5kSfpGzQdm5si1yJzBONYzafhTcDWhYuTJoPq7nInLg/viewform)
  - [R&D New Proposal Submission [Template] ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Workgroups >< Wider ecosystem collaboration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EMxTnjWwjgRyRYmKBaYhLu1vdaHpXQH5FWD69qgO54A/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MARKETING GUILD.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Ayo kicked off the Marketing Guild call, welcoming attendees. Noticing the low turnout, he considered holding off a bit to see if more members would join. 
- Quorum Discussion and Updates: The discussion centered on the importance of establishing a quorum for future meetings, noting that sessions with low attendance risk being unproductive. Martinsoki suggested setting a minimum attendance threshold to determine whether meetings should proceed—a proposal that was well-received by others. Acknowledging that they currently lacked quorum, the group debated whether to continue or postpone the meeting. Members were encouraged to share updates that didn’t require consensus, underscoring the need for clearer attendance and decision-making protocols going forward.
- Updates on Proposals and Budget Discussion:
Lordkizzy shared updates from his conversations with Kenichi regarding the Zealy project, with EricDavies noting the lack of feedback on the proposal. He emphasized the importance of clearly defining the graphics team's responsibilities, with some input from CJFrankie expected next week. Lordkizzy also stressed the need to adjust Q2 rewards in light of the current token price.
- Updates on Twitter Spaces Document: Kenichi discussed a document he is developing to support the creation of Twitter databases, which he believes will aid growth efforts, despite facing technical difficulties. He proposed leveraging Twitter spaces to enhance the visibility of the Singularity Ambassador program and engage a wider audience.
- Updates on Governance document: Ese Williams raised concerns about unpaid payments for Eric Davies and Photogee, suggesting a separate call to address the issue. Ayo noted the difficulty of making decisions without a quorum, emphasizing the need to adopt formal governance documents. The discussion also highlighted the importance of improving communication and collaboration within the Marketing Guild.
Discussion on Core Member Rewards and Deliverables: Ayo emphasized the need to define core member value before addressing reward adjustments. Kareem noted that reduced funding for the graphics team would require scaled-back deliverables across all teams. 
Discussion on Attendance, Rewards, and Quorum: The discussion focused on the importance of establishing a quorum for meetings, especially as attendance has declined due to reduced rewards. Concerns were raised about how the current token price limits fair reward distribution. Suggestions included adjusting the number of members and how rewards are allocated to address past complaints.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ese Williams to schedule a follow-up call to discuss payment for Eric Davies and Photogee. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 25 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to present the graphics team's new structure and KPIs in the next meeting. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 25 April 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Governance document,  Budget Proposals 
- **emotions:**  insightful,  Collaborative,  Satisfaction