---
description: Mon 31st Mar - Sun 6th Apr 2025
---

# Week 14

## Tuesday 1st April 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], PeterE, UKnowZork, CallyFromAuron, guillermolucero, AshleyDawn, Jeffrey Ndarake, Maxmilez, Évéline Trinité, Alfred Itodele, LordKizzy, AJ, Effiom
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly GovWG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls rolling Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GovWG Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DeUB6ytoOeG6SOHwhJxe-vII_mXmkjdxG1iD-f5B2Sc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
The Governance Workgroup discussed two major issues which are: Handling objections in decision-making and Dealing with budget cuts due to falling token prices.

We suggested a more structured way to address objections, either in meetings or asynchronously. Vani raised an issue about people consenting and not giving comments about why they are consenting. She feels it will be an issue amongst the workgroup. “People are not saying what they feel because we’ve gotten rid of anonymity”(Vani). Peter also stated that if people are objecting and not saying the reasons for their objections then the objection seems irrelevant. Peter offered to help facilitate discussions and improve communication with better note-taking.

We suggested that the ongoing nature of the feedback form could allow for further clarification from objectors. We also acknowledged that the removal of anonymity might be discouraging honest feedback.

Budget concerns were a big topic, as the group's Q2 budget dropped by 33%. We explored solutions like adjusting payment schedules or delaying payments until prices recover. Vani also pointed out that we shouldn’t respond to low token price by immediately going into volunteerism. We also noted that budget cuts were hurting participation, making governance harder to manage.

To improve discussions, We proposed unpaid facilitation to help members gain experience, but others worried this might lower attendance. A rotating facilitator system was considered to balance participation and budget concerns.

As the meeting ended, We focused on budget adjustments, clearer documentation, and the upcoming Town Hall for further discussions.





#### Discussion Points:
- How do we resolve workgroups that have objections?

- Is there a need to cut the governance workgroups Q2 budget?

- What will be the impact of the current token price on the governance workgroup budget?


#### Decision Items:
- We suggested that If a workgroup has objections, we’ll work with them to find a solution instead of simply stating there's no budget.
  - [**rationale**] It would be unsatisfactory to say that a workgroup doesn’t exit for the quarter.
  - [**opposing**] 

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- There was a suggestion that we reduce expenses on Facilitating, documenting and on other tasks as well.
  - [**rationale**] This was because of the low token price and concerns around the budget.
  - [**opposing**] The Workgroup objected to the idea of not paying people for a work done. And noted that there should be a balance.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to cut down the expenses on facilitation to Zero to help the workgroup understand their financial needs.
  - [**rationale**] The decision aims to preserve funds and reassess budget priorities, while adapting to market conditions.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to create a roster for meeting facilitation in Q2, sharing it between the 8 people who volunteered [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 2 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo will share the amount of people who replied to the consent forms in the next meeting.
 [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Peter will facilitate sessions to address objections if someone receives more than 20% objections.
 [**assignee**] PeterE [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** consent process, Q2 2025 budget, facilitation roster, Participation in governance
- **emotions:**  informative, Quiet, Only a few of those present spoke