---
description: 11th September to 17th September 2023
---

# Week 37

{% embed url="https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/58" %}

## Monday 11th September 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c" id="docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

#### Participants:&#x20;

Fly, Peter, WaKa, Osminium, Headelf \[facilitator].

#### Agenda:&#x20;

Educational videos, continued.&#x20;

#### Discussion:&#x20;

Headelf: we are continuing our convo about Invideo and focusing on a project deep dive. FYI, the convo began in AI Sandbox hosted by Fly.

Played an Invideo vid headelf did about Singularity Net. Invideo is an AI video software that is available at www.ai.invideo.io. The vid played was a free version and 2 minutes in length. WaKa commented that it was a familiar format as it was in chunks. 1st 10 seconds same and thought it was brilliant. Peter stated he had used Invideo for meeting summaries. He suggested we might use Rejueve as the deep dive subject. A long convo ensued about AI videos in general and specifically Invideo. And about educational videos for advanced Ambassadors or rather experienced. Purpose is levelling up experienced Ambassadors in their knowledge of the various spinoffs in the ecosystem. This was to help/assist the program from internal focused community builders to have a more outward looking or media focused ambassador.&#x20;

Media training was discussed: Attending Twitter spaces, AMAs, Conventions and meetings and having the training to speak “intelligently” about the ecos in a capable general method.&#x20;

#### Meeting length&#x20;

1.25 hours.&#x20;

#### Action items

**\[Action]** play with AI.Invideo.io to get to know capabilities.\
**\[Action]** Think about which spinoff we might do an educational video on first.

***

## Tuesday 12th September 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Governance WorkGroup</mark>

#### Context:&#x20;

Introducing RnDAO to the SNET Ambassadors Program & learning about RnDAO tools.

#### Summary:

At this call, we had several mambers from the RnDAO joining in.&#x20;

The first part of the call was dedicated to introducing RnDAO to the SNET Ambassadors program, highlighting the need of tools and experts in the topic of governance. At the second part of the call, we went through several presentations by RnDAO, presenting some of their tools to the Governance Workgroup.&#x20;

[https://www.togethercrew.com/](https://www.togethercrew.com/) TogetherCrew: community health analytics gathering data across community platforms (discord, twitter, discourse, spanshot, etc) and then applying organisation network mapping to calculate indicators of network health and also using AI to provide a hivemind bot (Q\&As about the community). Some areas we're exploring as next step are ambassador programmes, conversion tracking and using AI to understand which events/touchpoints increase said conversions, and reputation.&#x20;

[https://twitter.com/harmonica\_\_bot](https://twitter.com/harmonica\_\_bot) Harmonica: asynchronous deliberation using AI. Basically a question is asked via the AI, people responded, then are invited to comment on responses and the whole is summarised by the AI as a robust and conflict-free way to do sense making around a topic - faster and more effective.&#x20;

[https://meetwithwallet.xyz/](https://meetwithwallet.xyz/) MeetWithWallet: a web3 scheduling tool that's also privacy preserving. We're working on a feature to type /meet and tag the people, then the tool automatically puts the next available slot on everyone's calendar.&#x20;

#### Outcome from the call&#x20;

We see great synergies and opportunities for collaboration between the SNET Ambassador program and RnDAO. Follow up calls to further discuss effective collaborations will be initiated.

### Ambassador Town Hall

### Process Guild

## Wednesday 13th September 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives Workgroup</mark>

<mark style="color:green;">Not this week</mark>

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

#### **Meeting Summary** **Context:**&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.

#### **Meeting notes:**

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562956733425\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562956733425\&cot=10)&#x20;

**Meeting Video Summary:**&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/hzS-fAiqjKs" %}

#### **Agenda Items**&#x20;

#### **1) Audit Dework Tasks**&#x20;

**Description** - We have quite a backlog of contributions we have been doing, let's see if we can consider any of them completed.\
**Insight** - All the previous contributions are now audited and moved to 'in review'. \
**Learning** - Each lesson has been allocated 5 hours and most of the lessons have been under 3 hours.\
**Learning** - It seems that "how to create tasks" was the hardest lesson to create.

**2) Lesson updates**&#x20;

**Description** - Task reviews and action items \
**\[Decision]** - we will move "create Dework account" and "how to provide Wallet Address" lesson from background knowledge to onboarding section.\
**\[Decision]** - we will include the "how to create Cardano Wallet" lesson in the PBL module under onboarding section.\
**\[Decision]** - "Create Dework Account" lesson is ready for final audit.\
**\[Decision]** - "how to create Cardano Wallet" lesson is ready for final audit.\
**\[Decision]** - specializing section "overview" is ready for final audit.\
**\[Decision]** - BBK "overview" needs a few finishing touches before ready for final audit.\
**\[Decision]** - "Activity List method" lesson needs a few finishing touches before ready for final audit. \
**\[Action]** - Andre and Sucre will work together to create "How to provide Wallet Address" lesson.\
**\[Decision]** - Tevo and Daniel will draft "Project Method" lesson.\
**Insight** - Daniel is a new member joining Dework PBL WG first time \
**\[Decision]** - we will remove "welcome to Module xx" message from all lessons content.

#### **Next elegant steps** (general action items)&#x20;

**\[Action]** Continue updating PBL lessons \
**\[Action]** Find a way to get Dework PBL online

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Process Modelling Workgroup</mark>

Not this week.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Strategy Guild</mark>

#### Agenda:

COC continuation - meeting 3 in series&#x20;

#### Attendees:&#x20;

Fly, Osmium, Peter, SucrenSpice, Walter (WaKa), Headelf \[facilitator].

#### Notes:&#x20;

1. Headelf played a video he did: topic Code Of Conduct for Singularity Net. Link: invideo-ai-480 SingularityNET Code of Conduct\_ A Commun 2023-09-13 (2).mp4 [https://s3-pro-exports.invideo.io/3044cc97-6785-4598-b75a-c10ebe5c5dd9/3044cc97-6785-4598-b75a-c10ebe5c5d](https://s3-pro-exports.invideo.io/3044cc97-6785-4598-b75a-c10ebe5c5dd9/3044cc97-6785-4598-b75a-c10ebe5c5d)&#x20;
2. Headelf read a recap of the former async document which was now edited.
3. Discussion ensued on the edited doc. The attendees went over each paragraph and concept in turn - working towards consensus on each. Mesh was deleted as not a concern. The old 6 was deleted and added in part to Professionalism. Some other minor changes made.
4. A review of the statements made in the Onboarding meeting the previous week was reviewed. One item was considered germane to COC and was incorporated. The other teams were ethic or otherwise related and were not incorporated.
5. Did we want to keep document to Ambassadors only, did we want to work to a community consensus or a vote. It was agreed to broadcast the document wide and limit comment until Monday 18th Sept 23 and a call to vote (after consensus was rejected) at next Town Hall 19th Sept 23.
6. It was discussed and agreed that Headelf would initiate a new doc from the existing notes and comments for conflict resolution, and an avenue for that. It was unanimously agreed that the avenue did not belong in the COC but should be separate and part of a formal body eg Round Table and/or SC. Document : [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1\_r\_ODS-hgFfsvneZiysAZTCfMcwoK6mVsbuasJVW9aw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1\_r\_ODS-hgFfsvneZiysAZTCfMcwoK6mVsbuasJVW9aw/edit?usp=sharing)&#x20;

#### Action items:&#x20;

**\[Action]** Publish and advertise the COC doc and dates \
**\[Action]** Create a google doc for “Conflict Resolution”. \
**\[Action]** Figure out voting mechanism for next Town Hall&#x20;

#### Meeting length:&#x20;

1.25 hrs

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation Guild</mark>

#### Location:&#x20;

Zoom&#x20;

#### Attending:&#x20;

Fly \[facilitator], Headelf, Walter (WaKa)

#### Summary notes:

* The planned agenda was to look at task creation for new members, however it was felt necessary to respond to existential risks for the ambassador program.
* Observed that Ambassador Program is moving too slow. How can we move faster? What are the blockers?
* Talked about improving processes and looked at document creation as case studies to discuss.
* How can community members action on items which may affect the whole program?
* With creation of structures, proposed that within the group we come to consensus, within the program we come to consent.
* Identified need for body to anticipate and deal with problems.
* [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Do-ocracy](https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Do-ocracy)
* Avoidant decision-making is prevalent in the ambassador program and has led to failures and inhibits development.
* Improvement proposal methodology could help productivity (e.g. with docs)
* US farmers union methodology could be utilised as inspiration

#### Action Items:

* **\[Action]** Incubation Guild meetings will be private to those attending, and will not be recorded by read.ai.
* **\[Action]** Incubation Guild meeting will re-synchronise the workflow with Strategy Guild from now on.
* **\[Action]** Incubation (Fly) and Strategy (Headelf) will have weekly planning sessions together from now on.
* **\[Action]** Incubation will now move from Wednesday 19 UTC to Tuesday at 19 UTC, allowing for possible tasks to be done.
* **\[Action]** Incubation Guild's meeting will be re-branded as "Incubation Guild: Think-Tank".
* **\[Action]** AI Sandbox will be unified under the Incubation Guild as "Incubation Guild: AI Sandbox".

***

## Thursday 14th September 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Sucre’nSpice \[facilitator], Headelf, Vani \[documenter], Tevo, Peter, Love, Hogan

#### Meeting notes:&#x20;

[Onboarding Workgroup Minutes, 14th Sept 2023](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qFY7g53NSNFLUh3qb8ifo29G7FT1EmOW5fqdSOQ2Ea4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Miro:

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/?moveToWidget=3458764563960806548\&cot=14](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/?moveToWidget=3458764563960806548\&cot=14)

#### Minutes of last meeting:&#x20;

[Onboarding Workgroup minutes, 31st Aug 2023](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Nf4YG9EIq2CdBxz4FqhJb2TeMjtwGXIr9nvxRLQniM/edit?usp=sharing) - the meeting omitted to formally agree them as a correct record

#### Action items from last meeting:&#x20;

all done

#### We discussed:

#### 1) Retrospective of last week’s Onboarding session. We:

* Agreed that it was a success
* Noted that the key questions from attendees were “How long does it take to become an ambassador?”, and the need for more entry-level tasks in WGs
* Noted that Onboarding is less “how to become an Ambassador”, and more “how do you contribute to the Ambassador program” (i.e. the program is central, not a person getting the Ambassador role)
* Agreed that the message of decentralisation, and “things are always changing, and you should get involved in the discussions” did come across, but will need reinforcing
* Noted that the Onboarding process is ongoing, and continues in all the WGs - so, rather than repeating our Onboarding session soon, we should now focus on supporting other workgroups with guidance how to onboard new people into their groups, and how to keep  reinforcing the “decentralised” message.

#### 2) Getting Started channel. We

* Agreed we will continue to work on this
* Will give dates and times of meetings via calendar link, and brief text about each group will focus on what the group does.
* Agreed that whilst this should be in the Discord channel, it should also be in other places - Telegram, for example - and available as a doc.

#### Action items:

**\[Action]**: All to continue to work in [GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing) over the coming week, to refine text for Getting Started channel ready to discuss in next meeting

**\[Action]** Sucre to ask Video WG to edit recording of 7th Sept onboarding session and upload it to YouTube. ([https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/196qlZoefYy8z5MfFTTql9f66oFILMqK7](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/196qlZoefYy8z5MfFTTql9f66oFILMqK7))

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Process Guild</mark>

#### **Meeting Summary** **Context:**&#x20;

Preparing new workgroup design to aggregate Ambassador Program Knowledge Base

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrQg=/?moveToWidget=3458764563986486261\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrQg=/?moveToWidget=3458764563986486261\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Meeting Video Summary:**&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/mwWimKxRhWM" %}

#### **Agenda Items**&#x20;

#### **1) Ideating on new Workgroup roles and outcomes**&#x20;

**Description** - The Ambassador Program has all kinds of documentation all over the place. We need a focus group to aggregate all the information together and have a holistic view of the Ambassador Program Design. \
**\[Decision]** - Initiate Workgroup without proposal \
**\[Action]** - Create a Knowledge Base WG \
**Insight** - In the first few months the Workgroup is estimated to create costs of around 500$ a month \
**Insight** - The Workgroup may last 2 to 3 months based on the amount of active participants \
I**nsight** - First Knowledge Base WG session starts on 18th Sept 23 at 17:00 UTC&#x20;

#### **2) Process Modelling WG**&#x20;

**Description -** This WG establishes or maintains processes to help community members efficiently collaborate together \
**\[Decision]** - Process Modelling WG will discontinue but may return when there is more capacity.&#x20;

#### **Next elegant steps** (general action items)&#x20;

Create a Knowledge Base WG proposal async.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation: AI Sandbox</mark>

#### Attended by:&#x20;

Headelf, Walter, Peter, Fly \[facilitator]&#x20;

**Agenda Topics / Notes:**

* Spoke of AI Sandbox as place to learn about new tools and upskill the group.
* Looked at usefulness of outputs with Claude.ai compared to ChatGPT on Headelf's personal research
* Talked about video creation softwares currently used, including ‘invideo’
* Looked at tools and use cases that attendees want to develop.
* The main tools attendees want to develop and learn about are Lang-chain, AutoGPT, knowledge graphs and GPT detection.
* Spoke about how quality of data can affect LLM’s ability to generate material.
* Familiarised ourselves with lang-chain and knowledge graphs, watched video and discussed.
* Discussed problems with deep funding platform - commenting section.
* Talked about developing knowledge graphs in AI Sandbox to align ourselves with SingularityNET’s focus on this area.

**Action items:**

* Walter’s homework is to look at lang-chain, gather information about how we can create them in AI Sandbox
* Next AI Sandbox will focus on a practical project challenge - to create a knowledge graph(s).
* In future AI Sandboxes we will explore tools which will help or enable attendees work - Lang-chain, AutoGPT, knowledge graphs and GPT detection.

***

### Treasury Guild

### AI Sandbox

### Deepfunding Town Hall

## Friday 15th September 2023

### Video Workgroup

### Writers' Workgroup
