# Week 11

## Tuesday 12th March 2024

### Governance Workgroup

No Summary Given 


## Wednesday 13th March 2024


### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], malik, Slate, Headelf, esewilliams, devon, duke peter
- Purpose: Twin Protocol and Zarqa video, Budget, ACP, Quiz creation, Ese Awakening Health Video
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hnj3syHlwtunfqIJjm45ak9E3ki8DmZ7RObD2wEn-Lg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Reviewed and approved Malik's Twin Protocol video 
- Reviewed Ese Williams' Awakening Health video 
- Reviewed Zarqa Video by Rojo and approved infographic 
- Budget Request ideas 
- Completion of ACP 

#### Discussion Points:
- During the reviewing of Malik's video on Twin Protocol, Headelf pointed out that Bill Inmans needs to be added/ mentioned in the video 
- Next quarter budget discussion was done.
- Then Ese pointed out that her video didn't get reviewed so she wanted to present her video 
- During the reviewing of Ese's video, Slate pointed out that the subtitles are big in some places and very small in some places 
- Headelf pointed out that it is hard to find material regarding Awakening Health, but the video length is still very short as compared to the other videos which are of about 7 -5 min in length 
- Then we reviewed Rojo's video on Zarqa 
- Headelf had the suggestion that the interviews which are put inside of the video should have the name of the person who is speaking as a highlight 
- Ese suggested to shorten the clips and add more visuals 
- Slate said that he would have preferred to add more subtitles to the video due to different accents of the speakers, and lessen the interviews and in place of them add visuals explaining that aspect of the project.
- Budget suggestions were taken from the attendees.
- Slate said that we should start working on hosting Twitter spaces, like having general AMAs and other stuff 
- He said that we should put more focus on social media publicity like lives and YouTube podcasts etc 
- Another suggestion was made to translate the Education videos which are made to different languages, as this will help to broaden the effect of the ACP and will also help to more understand what the project is all about.

#### Decision Items:
- Work on Budget 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Complete ACP Video and Infographic 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Next quarter (Q2) budget discussion in the upcoming meeting. [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 19 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Start the making of quizzes  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 19 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Setup Google Classoom  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 19 March 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, Google Classroom, Twitter, Twitter spaces, Zarqa, Awakening Health, social media, review, video review, Budget, Q2 budget, translation, subtitles, Twin protocol 
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy 



### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Boaz, Paulm
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764575517374377&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)
  - [Lesson feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11NSHs8vAwJ6qXNHQWGelIQB9REttJK625wruxmvj--o/edit)

#### Agenda item 1 - PBL Feedback - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How do we recognize the value, and what is the appropriate reward?
- Shared proposal of a monthly feedback collection with 3 different reward limits.

#### Decision Items:
- grant weezie, Paulm and Boaz a Dework PBL Student role
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Include a lesson to ask for a dework role that has access to do stuff 'Dework PBL Student' [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Next Meetings - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- When do we meet next as pbl workgroup?

#### Decision Items:
- We meet in 2 weeks for 30min for check-in and Q and A
- When we coordinate meeting with Andamio Team we would prefer a publicly shared session

#### Agenda item 3 - Workgroup Overview - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Shared how workgroup is running, what we do here and what our results look like

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Feedback Form, Outreach, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio, Onboarding, planning, course, student
- other: Lesson Feedback Form: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11NSHs8vAwJ6qXNHQWGelIQB9REttJK625wruxmvj--o/edit


## Thursday 14th March 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: lord kizzy [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], LadyTempestt, lord kizzy, Vanessa, SucrenSpice, Peter, Boaz, ToneTech, cjfrankie, Slate, hufiumer69, Clement Umoh
- Working Docs:
  - [Draft doc on how to become a WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qT7C3Kb99tM5PzGej3GxCK-hhxlY5LEXnShNspixj24/edit)
  - [Onboarding workgroup Q2 budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Quarterly report for Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vQLBWOcK6-yZJRzCit4q7jaUhRkupvDZsIMSwdaJvGE/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Consent Decision-making for Ambassador Q1 budgets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c6GRhTowZw2cxqyKVYRHT27Zw0vAUg0ww2GEXsU2iiw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ONBOARDING JOURNEY](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IV4-7tsUJ99s4DY_Rrv9mMqP0JqfhAJHjnxP4x7A-6g/edit)
  - [Ideas & Potential Improvements Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RBACFdyclW3hSB3vfU2lZltR3ILc_Ed8wT5s0iUiND8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Continuous Onboarding Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UEL60VgQ_fQ4fDCO10B5HD-0IjnrEI56ZKyyijDj1qQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ONBOARDING FACILITATION & DOCUMENTATION ROSTER](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Town Hall Updates:
To be delivered on 26th March:

Share our Continuous Onboarding report and Ideas and Improvements report. 
Give a report-back on the onboarding session on 8th Feb. 
Share Duke’s voiceover video for the Onboarding slides. 
Advertise that the next onboarding session is on 16th May.


#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of the last meeting
- Action Items from the last meeting
- Draft doc on how to become a WG
-  Ambassador Program onboarding journey from different prototype scripts.
-  Gamers Guild's use of Onboarding WG on a Roblox Game (with a demo).

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to all read through Vani's "How to ratify a new workgroup" doc async, before discussing next week
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Gamers Guild agreed to work on putting Onboarding WG into their Roblox game-based recreation of the Ambassador Program, based on our input
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Roblox game will have several members of the Onboarding workgroup in the background as non-game characters, just doing tasks related to the WG
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Sucre to talk to Peter about adding Duke’s onboarding session video to the Ambassador Google Drive. [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 21 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to present the WG’s latest updates at the ambassador town hall on 5th March - now postponed to 26th, since TH did not take place on the 5th due to Panama conference [assignee] duke peter [due] 26 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to remind Duke about giving town hall updates on the 26th of March, since Duke isn't here today [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 21 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lady Tempestt to come up with the first draft of the Q1 2024 quarterly report before the next meeting. [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 21 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Peter to give Boaz, Clement and Tone Tech the Onboarding WG role in Discord (done during meeting itself) [assignee] Peter [due] 14 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani, Sucre and LadyTempestt to meet CJ Frankie, Onyeka and Duke to give some additional input into the onboarding journeys. [assignee] SucrenSpice, Vanessa, LadyTempestt, cjfrankie , lord kizzy, Duke [due] 21 March 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- Onboarding Journeys shouldn't be personal stories of real people, but should draw on our research as a group, our own experiences, and what we observe around us in the Program, to create composite fictional characters. There should also be several steps towards onboarding for each character.

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Onboarding journeys 
- Draft doc on how to become a WG
- Quarterly report for Q1 2024
- Q2 budget
- Things we said we might do in Q1 2024 (infographics; context-setting / educative material about decision making on WG budgets)

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Town Hall update, onboarding journeys, Onboarding, workgroups, Process for agreeing new workgroups
- emotions: informative, funny , Welcoming, insightful


## Friday 15th March 2024



### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], hogantuso [documenter], lord kizzy, malik, Slate, Rojo, hogantuso, devon, Zalfred
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task updates, Strategy for video content production, existing tasks.
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate
- Devon provided updates on video production tasks, including delays and progress made.
- Lord kizzy the social media manager gave weekly updates for Video content engagement.
- Discussions on the pending long video tasks.
- Discussions on two new workgroup members

#### Action Items:
- [action] Make video clips from BGI content. [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 31 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Invite the new member to the workgroup  [assignee] devon [due] 12 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action]  Interview Snippets at BGI [assignee] Judith [due] 15 March 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, video topics
- emotions: Friendly, Thoughtful , speedy , Casual, productive



### Marketing Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Judith [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Judith, lord kizzy, Peter, Mikasa
- Purpose: New Group for the Foundation.
- Working Docs:
  - [Marketing Guild Tasks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ktWxTMqnu-srw7u1EsIU81L37E7agUm8HHesUEZ76wU/edit)
  - [AMBASSADORS PROGRAM EXPLAINER](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QzM6-3fsR5ZBBp3FQ8LKFT_rR34gM5CLmiZIUZRsA9k/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [SNET Jam Purpose](https://jamboard.google.com/d/1jJ0qgZkbjaXVpVNL1EWExYI9w81NEJqBCLbNG9psYao/viewer?f=0&pli=1)

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on The New Group for the Foundation
- Discussions on Engagement strategy

#### Decision Items:
- Creation of a group that works closely with the Foundation
  - [rationale] The foundation doesn't see any value of the Ambassadors program to them and will need a new group that will help with community engagement
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided to discuss the conversation in the next Town Hall
  - [rationale] This was due to the fact that there weren't many participants in the meeting
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: community engagement, Value of Ambassador Program
- emotions: Casual, Thoughtful, speedy 



### Writers Workgroup

No Summary Given 


## Saturday 16th March 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, flyn, devon, Slate, oep, lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian
- Purpose: Project "Ambassador Program On Roblox" and Gaming Session
- Working Docs:
  - [Information collected from Onboarding workgroup](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y6KYRNndjnYinN6fyK_UKV-Y3cvF1dLh82CqgUX19aM/edit#heading=h.rnw1e2tpvrzf)

#### Narrative:
Discussion on various topics like:
The First Workgroup Presentation
Approval of graphic (thumbnail) for the project 
Gaming Session
Animating the NPCs (non-player characters)




#### Discussion Points:
- Slate welcomed everyone in the meeting 
- graphic made by Gorga, Rebel, Scare_crow on the project which will be used as a thumbnail was represented 
- Rebel presented his graphic and everybody really liked the graphic which was made like a roblox character welcoming everybody 
- Then Scare_crow presented his graphic which covered like a civilization point of view working which was a representation of the Ambassador Program. 
- There was also a suggestion on Scarecrow graphic that it should be showing more buildings as department.
- Then Gorga Graphic was presented which covered a more general view of the cardano ecosystem rather than the Ambassador Program 
- So Slate on this said that we should be priortizing the Ambassador Program first rather than the spinoffs or the Cardano ecosystem because this project is focused on it.
- Slate asked Gorga to rework his graphic according to the proposal .
- Slate then mentioned that him and hufi went to the Onboarding workgroup to collect information to be implemented in their workgroup and said that they had a suggestion to animate the NPC's of the contributors to be doing different stuff like researching NPC , documenting NPC , Welcoming / waving NPC etc 
- There was also a suggestion to include every contributor to the respective Department 
- Then Slate introduced the prompting system in which we had two options
- After showcasing both, Slate asked which one should be implemented then in the vote 2nd one got selected.
- Then the gaming session happened in which today's game was "Capture The Flag"
- Slate showcased the game and explained the rules before starting the game.

#### Decision Items:
- Devon's first workgroup presentation was approved 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Rebel's Graphic to be used as a thumbnail 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Animate the contributors' NPC
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- First prompting system was accepted 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Establish Onboarding workgroup on Roblox. [assignee] devon [due] 16 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Onboarding workgroup information collect  [assignee] hufiumer69 [due] 16 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Put the thumbnail into the Project game  [assignee] Slate [due] 30 March 2024 [status] in progress

#### Game Rules:
Capture a total of three flags to be the winning team 


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Devon, Gorga , Rebel , Flynn

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Budget , infographic, Roblox, participation, Outreach, Onboarding WG
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, Thoughtful 
- games played: Roblox