---
description: 18th March 2024 to 24th March 2024
---

# Week 12

## Tuesday 19th March 2024

### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Peter, Judith, Tevo, Vanessa, Clement Umoh, Curtis, esewilliams, Gorga Siagian, Iain, lord kizzy, Photogee, Will Tatz, Olokoji, Cjfrankie, osmium, Guillermo, Kenichi, ToneTech, hogantuso, Zalfred, Franklynstein
- Town Hall Number: 89

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=0s) Introduction By Peter
[01:22](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=82s) Mentions
[06:56](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=416s) Archive Workgroup Presentation
[16:00](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=960s) Vani Demonstration (archiving Tool)
[20:25](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=1225s) Q&a About The Archiving Tool
[24:50](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=1490s) Ambassadors And Foundation (outreach)
[40:00](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=2400s) Core Contributors Title
[43:57](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=2637s) Collaboration With Other Entities For Outreach 
[49:08](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=2948s) Clarity Of Objectives On Outreach And Marketing 
[56:30](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=3390s) Zealy Campaign
[1:03:30](https://youtu.be/EzUZ4o4wZtI?si=AsRzugpLhlblY9tt\&t=3810s) Ending By Peter

#### Town Hall Summary:
The main discussions in this Town Hall were:

- the Core Contributor role
- tips and tricks for using the Meeting Summary tool from Archives WorkGroup
- change in direction for Marketing Guild to work more directly with the sNET Foundation


#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: core contributors, meeting summary tool, Documentation, Marketing, Ambassador Program marketing, Outreach, SingularityNET Foundation, Collaboration, Zealy, the Ambassador role, Ambassador role name, Tech Tuesdays, OpenCOG Hyperon, Supervisory Council, Q1 2024 budget, Core Contributor, LLM development
- emotions: cheerful, engaged, participatory, enthusiastic


## Wednesday 20th March 2024




### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen, Vanessa [documenter], AndrÃ©, Vanessa, Stephen, Onyeka, esewilliams, Clement Umoh, duke peter, Gorga Siagian, Guillermo
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/120)

#### Decision Items:
- Draft of quarterly report for Q1 2024 was agreed, subject to any additiions or changes people want to make over the next 2 weeks. We will sign it off completely in the meeting on 3rd April.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We'll start the tag taxonomy project soon with some training - possibly Mon 1st April
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will continue the General Archives Publicity bounty (done by Onyeka) in Q2
  - [rationale] It has produced a very noticeable rise in the amount of engagement with the Archives according to Google Analytics, so it's worth doing 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will continue the bounty to chase outstanding meeting summaries (done by Ese) in Quarter 2
  - [rationale] It has been very useful in clarifying which summaries are missing, and has produced good responses when people are chased - February is almost entirely complete
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will continue the bounty to update the Ambassador GitBook (done by Sucre) in Q2
  - [rationale] It has been useful to keep things up to date; although getting workgroups' quarterly reports hasn't been easy, and not everyone writes one.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Based on what Sucre has encountered when trying to collect quarterly reports from WGs, the meeting felt that quarterly reports should be if not mandatory, then at least more commonly done; and that the issue should be raised in Treasury Guild.
  - [rationale] Quarterly reports are a form of accountability for a WG's funding
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The meeting agreed that the Town Hall session yesterday (19th March 2024) on tips and tricks for meeting summaries was useful; and there was a suggestion of doing a similar session on the way we use GitHub
  - [rationale] Short, sessions in a public space such as Town Hall are useful
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that everyone can make suggestions for small tasks and/or bounties to include in the Q2 budget - suggestions to be added to the relevant Issue on the board
  - [rationale] Particularly looking for bounties that will encourage people to use the Archives.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Vanessa and Andre to firm up what the template for the backlog meetings needs to look like [assignee] AndrÃ© [due] 20 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Stephen to check why SucrenSpice doesn't seem to have permissions to merge changes on Ambassador GitBook - still can't work out why [assignee] Stephen [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke, Onyeka and Ese to timestamp 3 BGI videos - one each [assignee] duke peter, esewilliams, lord kizzy [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to create a video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board, based on Stephen's training session - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116 [assignee] duke peter [due] 20 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to add Writers' WG's backlog of summaries to the Archives - done, apart from 1 summary from 2023; Vanessa to complete and close the issue by Friday 22nd March [assignee] Vanessa [due] 22 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vanessa, Ese and Onyeka to devise a TH session on tips and tricks for good meeting summaries - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/106 - done, the session went well and people mentioned they found it useful [assignee] Vanessa, esewilliams, lord kizzy [due] 19 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vanessa to post bounties for people to use the Archives to create quick TH reports on what WGs have been doing this quarter - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/107  - done, the 6 applicants are assigned, and reports will be delivered at Town Hall on 26th March [assignee] Vanessa [due] 15 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vanessa to contact Esther on Monday re: next steps for knowledge management work with SC - Done; there are still some things the SC need to discuss before the work can be agreed [assignee] Vanessa [due] 11 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vanessa to bring a finished draft of the Q1 quarterly report to the next meeting - Done, but final sign-off will be next meeting, after people have had time to comment. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre and Vanessa to raise the issue of quarterly reports, and whether more WGs should write them, in the Treasury Guild meeting tomorrow (21st March 2024) [assignee] SucrenSpice, Vanessa [due] 21 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Everyone to suggest possible new bounties or entry-level tasks for Q2 budget, to discuss next meeting [assignee] all [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: publicity, meeting summary tool, Tool Development, AI tooling, Q1 quarterly report, Supervisory Council, encouraging use of Archives, bounties, timestamps, Q2 budget, community engagement, engaging new people, Google Analytics, Quarterly Report, accountability, GitHub
- emotions: happy, making headway, achievements, retrospective of Q1, positive, inclusive, Well-attended, new people present

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, AndrÃ©, Peter, Clement Umoh, Ayodele, Olokoji, Photogee
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764583010375738&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Onboarding - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Shared Agenda and explained relation of todays agenda to the bigger picture
- Shared proposal and pointed to onboarding videos
- Described why we do Organizing activity, how we do it and what is the expected outcome

#### Agenda item 2 - Organizing Treasury Guild GitBook assets - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed organization choices of "SingularityNET Phase Two: Massive Token Utilization Toward Decentralized Beneficial AGI - Article" https://blog.singularitynet.io/singularitynet-phase-two-massive-token-utilization-toward-decentralized-beneficial-agi-6e3ac5a5b44a
- Reviewed organization choices of "Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator - Google Sheet" https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit
- We found new perspectives and insights where the budget sheet could be organized into
- Reviewed organization choices of "Treasury Guild Proposal - Google Doc" https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028

#### Decision Items:
- The Phase Two article is only included in the Aspirational Layer to describe morality and mission
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Budget Sheet is included under the Global Strategy as showing aggregation of aligned proposals to help benefit Ambassador Program Mission
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Budget Sheet is also included under the Agent Models as showing our Program limitations
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Budget Sheet is also included under Executive Functions as to help manage financial resources
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Budget Sheet is also included under Value Assessment as a way to set value to the intentions and make it able to recognize and reward those intentions
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Budget Sheet is also included under the Identification Process as a way to find the newly added projects
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Treasury proposal is included under the Aspirational Layer by aligning proposal goals with the Ambassador Program Mission
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Treasury proposal is included under the Role Definitions by showing an example of roles that are in use in the Ambassador Program and how they are defined.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Treasury proposal is also included under the Agent Models as a service we can offer to Ecosystem partners
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Budget Sheet and Treasury proposal is also included under Expectation Setting as showing what participants can expect from us
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Budget Sheet and Treasury proposal is also included under Executive Functions as to help manage financial resources
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Treasury Proposal is also included under Value Assessment by proposing to run the operations required to recognize and distribute value in the Ambassador Program
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 3 - Reviewing Onboarding Feedback and its Form - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How to improve onboarding?
- How to improve the Feedback Form?

#### Decision Items:
- Include new question "How would you explain Knowledge Base WG to a new member?" to feedback form.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Include more Workgroup-related links to the Agenda item, Google Description, and also to the Feedback Form Description, like a proposal and Miro Board [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Catch Up with last month async updates - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- translation WG Items
- Why session did not happen?
- Described how information collection is done to a new member

#### Action Items:
- [action] Collect new Translation WG links into Miro Board from the provided Google Doc [status] todo
- [action] Analyze the new items. [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board, organizing, purpose, Onboarding, Proposal, Budget , Article 
- emotions: Both progressive and a learning moment for decision making

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, esewilliams, duke peter, Peter, Clement Umoh, Kenichi, Cjfrankie, lord kizzy, Curtis, GorgaSeagian
- Purpose: Budget,  ACP, Quiz creation, HeadElf's absence , Proposals for next quarter 
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hnj3syHlwtunfqIJjm45ak9E3ki8DmZ7RObD2wEn-Lg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Videos And infographics completion 
- Budget request for Q2
- Proposal ideations for Q2
- HeadElf's absence 
- Completion of ACP 
- Completion of remaining vids and infos by next meeting 
- New platform for ACP introduction

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started with Slate welcoming everyone to the meeting 
- Slate mentioned that he and Headelf are currently working on Education Guild budget request but it's delayed 
- Headelf has been busy lately and hasn't checked dms yet 
- Slate asked everyone which proposals or initiatives Education Guild could take in the next quarter 
- Osmium pointed out that we could use Mentimeter instead of Teams or Google Classroom as it's more beneficial 
- Slate informed every participant who is late on his/her submission to complete it by next meeting as we will be moving towards quiz creation
- Slate also asked everyone should the quiz creation be open to everyone or should it be assigned to the same person who made the vids and info 
- Gorga showed interest in making of quizzes
- Osmium said that the quiz should be made by the same person who made the info and vids 
- Slate shared a sheet with everyone where they can give their suggestions on proposals 
- Slate also proposed that we should be educating on holding AMAs on every social platform

#### Decision Items:
- Work on budget 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Complete ACP videos and infographics 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Next quarter budget discussion will take place in the next meeting. [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 26 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Start the making of quizzes  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 26 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Set up Google Classroom  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 26 March 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, Google Classroom, review, Budget, Q2 2024 budget, Absence, Proposals
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy 



### Research and Development Guild

No Summary Given 


## Thursday 21st March 2024



### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Vanessa, Will Tatz, SucrenSpice, Vasu, Tevo
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764583178988047&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240?taskId=83aeda8d-2434-42f9-9f48-be1345c9f8e6)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Go over previously planned questions - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Do we create budgets in AGIX or USD?
- What are the Core Costs and their limits?
- How do we report on budgets?
- How do we do reporting on proposals?
- How can we handle workgroup spending?

#### Decision Items:
- USD is expected to be used for budget requests
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Reminder - The underspent budget requests are carried over from quarter to quarter
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- You can create new budget requests while having a budget left for a workgroup.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create a Budget Sheet Template for submitting Budget Requests. [status] todo
- [action] Update the Workgroup Types and Requirements template to visualize the new workgroup starting process. [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Ambassador Program Q1 2024 Budget Proposal - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What's next?

#### Decision Items:
- Create a proposal form for the consent process to approve the Ambassador Program Quarter 1 budget requests.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We share the form only with Core Contributors.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- No rewards for this decision making form
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Finalize the form that was started during the session. https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeRPU26UXer7i0a5rNUo1njrZwnhjrOfFMcClGBYBVcfjQGyw/viewform [assignee] Tevo, Vanessa [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - new workgroup idea: Treasury Policy Workgroup - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Workgroup activities
- Workgroup roles
- Workgroup effects

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue with the idea of forming a team and proposal. [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Q2 Budget Requirements - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Quarterly budget requests
- Fund Request requirements
- New Proposal Process https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qT7C3Kb99tM5PzGej3GxCK-hhxlY5LEXnShNspixj24/edit#heading=h.7ivzdnc619ji
- Incentivizing people to learn about different workgroup methods and tools

#### Decision Items:
- Budget requests can come from existing Guilds and Workgroups.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- A Proposal is required to request a new Workgroup or Guild Budget Request.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- A Quarterly Report is required from each Workgroup and Guild.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Include all Quarter reports in the Budget Sheet [status] todo
- [action] Create a core contributions Google Sheet list for where each workgroup contributions are listed [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, Budget , Quarter 1, Quarterly Budget Calculator, Surplus, Exchange rates, Reporting, Proposals, Quarter 2, workgroups, process



### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Vanessa, LadyTempestt, SucrenSpice, Cjfrankie, duke peter, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh, Peter, Photogee, Boaz, Guillermo
- Working Docs:
  - [Draft doc on how to become a WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qT7C3Kb99tM5PzGej3GxCK-hhxlY5LEXnShNspixj24/edit)
  - [ONBOARDING JOURNEY](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vAEd5xMdjgfqSUdxdA3l8TTK19IQyVnjslgXnuGjybI/edit?usp=sharingON)
  - [Onboarding workgroup Q2 budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Quarterly report for Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vQLBWOcK6-yZJRzCit4q7jaUhRkupvDZsIMSwdaJvGE/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Town Hall Updates:
Share our Continuous Onboarding report and Ideas and Improvements report. 
Give a report-back on the onboarding session on 8th Feb.
Share Dukeâ€™s voiceover video for the Onboarding slides.
Advertise that the next onboarding session is on 16th May.
Mention session with AndrÃ© about payments, treasury etc on 18th April



#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of the last meeting
- Action Items from the last meeting
- Draft doc on how to become a WG
-  Ambassador Program onboarding journey from different prototype scripts.
-  Q2 Budget.
-  Q1 Quarterly Report.
-  Things we said we might do this quarter.
- Session with AndrÃ© - date and payment 

#### Decision Items:
- We all agreed to go through Vaniâ€™s doc on how to create or become a WG before discussing it next week.
  - [rationale] Some members of the group pleaded for more time to actually read the doc and add comments if there is need
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to share the doc on how to become a WG in the Ambassador-General Discord channel 
  - [rationale] We need as much comments as possible so that we can actually finalize the doc
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided to have a separate session of 1 hr before the meeting on 28th March for finalising the comments in the Doc on how to become a Workgroup.
  - [rationale] We felt it would be better before our WG meeting, otherwise it might take up the entire meeting
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- For Q2, we decided to stick with our current budget on Documentation and Facilitation 
  - [rationale] we should not be increasing the price because others are doing so, but rather focus on more output in terms of production
  - [opposing] Some members felt that since there is an increase in price allocated for facilitation and documentation by some other workgroups, that means it should apply to ours
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to create an infographic on the onboarding journeys 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to invite AndrÃ©  (Treasury Guild) to deliver a session for us on 18th April (this session entails explaining payments for tasks in the Ambassador program, introducing the Treasury dashboard, how to track your own payments, info on wallets, and other financial basics. This session is intended to help people feel onboarded - it will be open to everyone, and it will be publicised to get people there. We will use our normal meeting slot. Agreed $50 payment for AndrÃ©'s  time
  - [rationale] we actually feel this will help so many people to feel onboarded
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Vani to share the doc on how to ratify a new workgroup in Ambassador-General Discord channel for all to go through. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 28 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lord Kizzy to ask Sucre and/or Tevo to check the new FAQ on MINs before adding it to the getting started channel. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 7 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke to present the WGâ€™s latest updates at the ambassador town hall on 5th March - now postponed to 26th, since TH did not take place on the 5th due to Panama conference [assignee] duke peter [due] 26 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lady Tempestt to look on Knowledge Base WG's Miro board for link to sample survey form, to use an example in the Ideas and Improvements doc [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 14 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to draft a doc to list possible new budget elements for Q2 - all to contribute ideas to be discussed in a future meeting. Done - see https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?usp=sharing [assignee] Vanessa [due] 8 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke, Onyeka, and Cjfrankie to continue work on Onboarding Journeys [assignee] duke peter, lord kizzy, cjfrankie  [due] 28 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] LordKizzy to chase LilyCupcake via DM about new Welcome video - link has disappeared? [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 14 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Sucre and LadyTempestt to get together to on the statistics for the Q1 quarterly report  [assignee] Sucren, LadyTempestt [due] 28 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucren to meet Peter on moving the Introductory task to the Ambassadors' Dework space. [assignee] Sucren [due] 28 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani, LadyTempestt and Onyeka to work on developing some context-setting / educative material aimed at Core Contributors about decision-making on WG budgets [assignee] Vanessa, lord kizzy, LadyTempestt [due] 28 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Everyone to have a look on Q2 Budget sheet and input their comments before next meeting  [assignee] all [due] 28 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Everyone to take a look at Loveâ€™s draft of the quarterly report before the next meeting and drop a comment. [assignee] all [due] 28 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to add minutes of the last meeting (14th March) to the Archive via meeting summary tool. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 28 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to upload Dukeâ€™s Onboarding video to YouTube. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 28 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre n Spice to create a new roster for Q2 for facilitation and documentation [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 4 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- Some workgroups are actually harder to facilitate and document than others 

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Onboarding journeys 
- Draft doc on how to become a WG
- New meeting Facilitation and Documentation Roster
- Q2 budget:  Onboarding WG budget projections for Q2 2024
- Q1 quarterly report
- Development of some context-setting / educative material about decision making on WG budgets

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Town Hall update, Q2 budget, Infographics, Education material, Collaboration, onboarding journeys, Quarterly Report, Treasury, Onboarding, workgroups, Process for agreeing new workgroups, education, Decision Making Process, financial onboarding
- emotions: Friendly, funny , Deliberative, Discursive, long agenda, in depth, differing opinions, good to hear differing opinions, people were confident



### Deep Funding Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Jan Horlings, Judith [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Jan Horlings, Judith, Rafael Presa, Guillermo, Kenn, Kenric Nelson, Mauro Andreoli, Curtis, others unknown
- Purpose: Discussion of Deep Funding Round 4 Pools and DF Branding Manual and Guidelines

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/hYeoACnXzdU?si=kCnUG3DpI5rcu7rB" %}

[00:00](https://youtu.be/hYeoACnXzdU?si=kCnUG3DpI5rcu7rB\&t=0s) Intro
[00:10](https://youtu.be/hYeoACnXzdU?si=kCnUG3DpI5rcu7rB\&t=10s) Breakout Room 1
[1:56:09](https://youtu.be/hYeoACnXzdU?si=kCnUG3DpI5rcu7rB\&t=6969s) Breakout Room 2

#### Town Hall Summary:
In Breakout Room 1,  we dove deep into the discussion of the different pools we should have. Should we add pools or keep the same pools we had in DFR3? What could we add? Should we keep the marketing pool or have marketing-related RFPs? Could we benefit from an education pool? 

In Breakout Room 2 we reviewed the current Deep Funding branding manual and guidelines. What areas can we improve? What brand voice do we want to use? How is the current branding perceived? Is it effective?


#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: pool, deep funding round 4, Marketing, RFP, education, branding


## Friday 22nd March 2024



### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], hogantuso [documenter], lord kizzy, malik, Slate, Rojo, hogantuso, devon, Zalfred, oep, Kareem, Photogee, osmium
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task updates, strategy for video content production, and existing tasks.
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate
- Devon provided updates on video production tasks, including delays and progress made.
- Lord Kizzy, the social media manager, gave weekly updates for Video content engagement.
- Discussions on the issues affecting the quality of video 
- Discussions on other means videos could be uploaded properly 
- Discission on videos to be part of Zealy tasks 
- Discussion on budget for second quarter 

#### Action Items:
- [action] video content should be added to Zealy for more enegagment  [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 31 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Social media manager should be added to the Zealy review team  [assignee] devon [status] todo
- [action] Facilitator should prepare quarter 2 2024 budget [assignee] Slate [status] todo
- [action] Give update on the second quaterly budget in the next town hall  [assignee] Slate [status] todo
- [action] Creating a video on Hyper Cycle  [assignee] osmium [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, video topics, Budget , Quarterly Report
- emotions: Friendly, Thoughtful , speedy , Casual, productive

### Writers Workgroup

No Summary Given

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Mikasa, Prime, ines gavina, Photogee, Kareem
- Working Docs:
  - [Ehnacing security and privacy in a digital age](https://medium.com/@singularitynetambassadors/ai-cryptography-enhancing-security-and-privacy-in-the-digital-age-db5c1bbf5fdb)
  - [SNET WWG-TEST](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ines Gavina's test](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17GdXHqUQYuleKaUgJpuOFv-im-PjuTTdCG-in3L7_NU/edit)

#### Narrative:
Our Zealy number has grown significantly since the start of the latest Zealy sprint.
The need for making unique brand asset designs is finally here; the ambassador program will work closely with the SNET Foundation next quarter, and these assets are crucial. 
Mikasa gave a quick update regarding her tasks, sharing some tips to help us write better Twitter threads.
Kenichi allowed some Scribblers to voice their thoughts, possible things theyâ€™d love to do moving forward, and more!
Ines Gavina submitted a new test - she also spoke about how she has improved herself, working with SucrenSpice, and hoping her new test passes.



#### Decision Items:
- We will soon be implementing Zealy-tailored content for the spin-offs. 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided we will implement some Zealy quests for the Ambassadors' YouTube channel.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] New peer review for Ines Gavinaâ€™s test [status] done
- [action] We need 5 more articles for our publication.  [status] done
- [action] Mikasa to create a Twitter template as a guideline for writing Twitter Threads ðŸ§µ  [assignee] Mikasa [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to hop on the video workgroup call to facilitate discussion on the graphic brand assets. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] Kareem to design some graphics for the ambassador program. [assignee] Kareem [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to reach out to Peter E to make a designer tag and grant Kareem access to the writer's dework channel. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Zealy, Onboarding, Graphics, Twitter threads, Peer review, Brand kit, "Designer" tag, Ambassador YouTube, Foundation, SingularityNET Foundation
- emotions: insightful, informative, Welcoming