---
description: 25th March 2024 to 31st March 2024
---

# Week 13

## Tuesday 26th March 2024


### Governance Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Felix [facilitator], Felix [documenter], Vanessa, Felix, Peter, Tevo, Vasu
- Purpose: Weekly GovWG Meeting
- Media link: [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01HSXMDSYP9CXNA5CZERS7TJQV?utm\_source=Share\_CopyLink)
- Working Docs:
  - [Weekly GovWG Meeting](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01HSXMDSYP9CXNA5CZERS7TJQV?utm\_source=Share\_CopyLink)

#### Narrative:

GOVERNANCE THINGIES

#### Discussion Points:

- Core Contributors' decision making processes
- Recent Core Contributors' decision on approving Q1 budgets
- Governance AI Agent conversation

#### Decision Items:

- Change to meeting weekly instead of every 2 weeks
  - [rationale] Match the current need and demand on governance conversations and move the GovWG meetings from bi-weekly to a weekly meeting schedule
  - [opposing] No opposing arguments
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Transform WG into Guild
  - [rationale] Several projects started within the GovWG and we see the time fit to take the next step in the GovWG and open up to a Gov Guild, making it more easy to facilitate several projects in parallel
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:

- [action] Create a Governance Guild Proposal [assignee] Felix [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:

- topics covered: Governance, AI tooling, Core Contributors, decisionmaking, Q1 budgets
- emotions: Collaborative


### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Guillermo, Judith, Rojo, Peter, Tevo, cjfrankie, Clement Umoh, duke peter, Franklynstein, hogantuso, SucrenSpice, hufiumer69 rebel, Iain, Nebula1224, lord kizzy, Slate, Headelf, Billy
- Town Hall Number: 90

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=0s) Introduction By Peter
[01:57](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=117s) Mentions
[08:40](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=520s) Archival Workgroup Updates
[12:21](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=741s) Dework Pbl Workgroup Updates
[14:00](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=840s) Treasury Guild Updates
[15:23](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=923s) Knowledge-based Workgroup Updates
[17:00](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=1020s) R&d Guild Updates
[23:45](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=1425s) Onboarding Workgroup Updates
[28:28](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=1708s) Marketing Guild Updates
[32:55](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=1975s) Video Workgroup Updates
[36:22](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=2182s) Writers Workgroup Updates
[43:12](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=2592s) Gamers Guild Updates
[50:25](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=3025s) Education Guild Updates
[54:42](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=3282s) Governance Workgroup Updates
[55:08](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=3308s) Open Call For Newcomers
[56:25](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=3385s) Archival Workgroup Members Research Presentations.
[01:08:40](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=4120s) Open Discussion
[01:12:30](https://youtu.be/RQpyzOxYPRM?si=t1_PNHD--xSrvYEL\&t=4350s) Ending By Peter

#### Town Hall Summary:
This Town Hall comprises monthly updates from each WorkGroup and Guild.


#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: workgroup updates, Governance, Core Contributor, Q2 budget decision process
- emotions: participatory, Friendly


## Wednesday 27th March 2024

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Curtis [facilitator], Onyeka [documenter], Vasu, Duke, WaKa, Guilermo, Rojo, Photogee, Boaz
- Purpose: R&D discussions on Updates, Archiving, Project management
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal: COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE_ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a\_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY\_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)

#### Agenda Items:

- R&D Discussions on Proposal Updates

#### Discussion Points:

- Discussions on Updates on projects (TECHNICAL UPDATES from Rojo and Curtis)
- Discussions on Archiving process for the work group
- Discussions on projects management and the use of GitHub

#### Decision Items:

- We decided to use GitHub for project management.
  - [rationale] Some members felt Dework is best used for task management and not project management, so the use of both GitHub and Dework could be integrated in the Guild
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:

- [action] Rojo to continue building the backend and conduct backend testing with members of the project who manage the social media account. Once that is done, then build the front end [assignee] Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo to assist the other teams to get some deliverables [assignee] Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Rojo to create a GitHub account for the group [assignee] Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Curtis and Rojo to create a document for showcasing our progress (deliverables) in the guild [assignee] Curtis, Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Curtis and Guillermo to have a call to see where we are as a Guild, how we integrate with how treasury and archives workgroups work [assignee] Curtis, Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:

- topics covered: Guilds, Budget, Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, GitHub, FrontEnd, API, deliverables, Archives, Treasury
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, esewilliams, Kenichi, Clement Umoh, Photogee, duke peter, Headelf, Rojo
- Purpose: ACP, Infographics, Videos, Quizzes assignments, Proposals by Education Guild members, Enterprise Version softwares
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hnj3syHlwtunfqIJjm45ak9E3ki8DmZ7RObD2wEn-Lg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:

- Videos And infographics
- Completion of ACP
- Distribution of quizzes

#### Discussion Points:

- Meeting started with Slate welcoming everyone to the meeting
- Slate mentioned that he and Headelf are having discussions regarding the setting up of budget request for Q2 off meeting schedule
- Then Rojo showcased his video which he reworked and made the proposed adjustments.
- Everybody really liked the video and approved it
- Then Ese showcased her video on Awakening Health
- Everybody liked her video as well but Slate pointed out the showing of branding of stock images inside of the video
- To that Headelf said that it might be because of the invideo problem as it generates watermarked videos
- Headelf also proposed that we will be needing a software that does not have this problem or has a enterprise version that can be shared with the group so everyone can use it
- After that Slate showcased the completed videos and infographics and assigned some of the quizzes to the volunteering participants
- As the meeting ran short on time then Slate mentioned that the budget discussion will be delayed to the next meeting and also the discussion on the setting up of platform for ACP.

#### Decision Items:

- Work on Budget
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Complete ACP Video and Infographic
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Platform decision for ACP
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:

- [action] Next quarter budget discussion will be in the next meeting. [assignee] everyone assigned [due] 2 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Assignment of quizzes [assignee] Slate [due] 26 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Setup Hosting site [assignee] everyone assigned [due] 2 April 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:

- topics covered: ACP, review, Budget, Q2 2024 budget, Proposals, platform, software, quizzes
- emotions: productive, Collaborative, Businesslike, speedy

### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Emaden
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764577501566856\&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)
  - [Lesson feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11NSHs8vAwJ6qXNHQWGelIQB9REttJK625wruxmvj--o/edit)

#### Agenda item 1 - WG Updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:

- Governance Guild Course Maintenance Service Fee
- Course Content
- Technical Andamio Updates

#### Action Items:

- [action] Bring back the assignments for testing the pre-production network [status] todo
- [action] Research more into solution set to acquire lesson information while loading up course website [status] todo
- [action] Going over background knowledge with a thought of checking vital action sentences (we have lost some content when changing git versions) [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Dework PBL Course - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:

- How could we get more participation to course?

#### Decision Items:

- Keep having Q and A sessions to provide opportunities to onboard people into the course and allow room to solve blockers
- grant Emaden a Dework PBL Student role

#### Action Items:

- [action] Do the Dework PBL course [assignee] André, Emaden [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:

- topics covered: PBL, Miro Board, Lessons, Andamio, planning, course, student, testing, participation, onboarding, Q&A

## Thursday 28th March 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Vanessa [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Vanessa, LadyTempestt, SucrenSpice, Cjfrankie, duke peter, lord kizzy, Photogee, Boaz, Billy, Kenichi, osmium, Gorga Siagian
- Working Docs:
  - [Draft doc on how to become a WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qT7C3Kb99tM5PzGej3GxCK-hhxlY5LEXnShNspixj24/edit)
  - [Onboarding workgroup Q2 budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG\_TtVw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Quarterly report for Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vQLBWOcK6-yZJRzCit4q7jaUhRkupvDZsIMSwdaJvGE/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Consent Decision-making for Ambassador Q1 budgets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c6GRhTowZw2cxqyKVYRHT27Zw0vAUg0ww2GEXsU2iiw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ONBOARDING JOURNEY](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IV4-7tsUJ99s4DY\_Rrv9mMqP0JqfhAJHjnxP4x7A-6g/edit)
  - [Ideas & Potential Improvements Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RBACFdyclW3hSB3vfU2lZltR3ILc\_Ed8wT5s0iUiND8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Continuous Onboarding Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UEL60VgQ\_fQ4fDCO10B5HD-0IjnrEI56ZKyyijDj1qQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ONBOARDING FACILITATION & DOCUMENTATION ROSTER](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:

- Minutes of the last meeting
- Action Items from the last meeting
- Draft doc on how to become a WG
- Ambassador Program onboarding journey from different prototype scripts.
- Q2 Budget.
- Q1 Quarterly Report.
- Things we said we might do this quarter.
- Money and Payments Session with André
- Publicising our research reports

#### Decision Items:

- We decided to reschedule the meeting for finalization of the Draft Doc on how to become a workgroup
  - [rationale] Peter and Surce weren't available to have the call, so we decided to reschedule
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided to publicize our research reports on the Ideas & Potential improvement and also Continuous Onboarding Report.
  - [rationale] We decided to create infographics for the publicity, because it tends to pull people's attention towards the document
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided to publicize our session with André on "Everything you need to know on Treasury and payment" by creating a graphic
  - [rationale] We need to get everyone who still has questions and issues regarding payments to attend the session
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided on $25 for the first time and $20 after that for preparations and presentation of the workgroup updates in the Townhall meetings
  - [rationale] Someone suggested that since the person will have to keep note of everything happening within the month and prepare a report for the workgroup update and still present them in the Townhall so $25/$20 is a fair price
  - [opposing] Someone suggest that is should be the same amount with meeting facilitation but a bit lower $20 if it's your first time and $15 afterwards
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:

- [action] Duke to present the WG’s latest updates at the ambassador town hall on 26th March [assignee] duke peter [due] 26 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke, Onyeka, and Cjfrankie to continue work on Onboarding Journeys [assignee] duke peter, lord kizzy, cjfrankie [due] 4 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre and LadyTempestt to get together to on the statistics for the Q1 quarterly report [assignee] Sucren, LadyTempestt [due] 4 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucren to meet Peter on moving the Introductory task to the Ambassadors' Dework space. [assignee] Sucren [due] 4 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani, LadyTempestt and Onyeka to work on developing some material aimed at Core Contributors about decision-making on WG budgets: done, see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c6GRhTowZw2cxqyKVYRHT27Zw0vAUg0ww2GEXsU2iiw/edit?usp=sharing [assignee] Vanessa, lord kizzy, LadyTempestt [due] 28 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Everyone to have a look on Q2 Budget sheet and input their comments before next meeting [assignee] all [due] 28 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Everyone to take a look at Love’s draft of the quarterly report before the next meeting and drop a comment. [assignee] all [due] 28 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to add minutes of the last meeting (14th March) to the Archive via meeting summary tool. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 4 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to upload Duke’s Onboarding video to YouTube. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 28 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Sucre n Spice to create a new roster for Q2 for facilitation and documentation [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 4 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lord kizzy to create a graphic to publicize the Ideas & Potential improvement Doc and Continuous Onboarding Report. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 4 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Love to create a graphic to publicize the session with Andre on treasury operations [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 4 April 2024 [status] todo

#### To carry over for next meeting:

- Onboarding journeys
- Draft doc on how to become a WG
- Q2 budget: Onboarding WG budget projections for Q2 2024
- Q1 quarterly report

#### Keywords/tags:

- topics covered: Town Hall update, Q2 budget, Infographics, Education material, Collaboration, onboarding journeys, Quarterly Report, Treasury, Onboarding, workgroups, publicity, financial onboarding
- emotions: Friendly, funny , Deliberative, Discursive, Thoughtful

## Friday 29th March 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], hogantuso [documenter], lord kizzy, malik, Slate, Rojo, hogantuso, devon, Zalfred, oep, Photogee, osmium, killy, lilycupcake, Prime, cardano_class, Cjfrankie
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task updates, Strategy for video content production, Existing tasks, Distribution of tasks
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:

- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate
- Slate provided updates on the welcome development with the Zealy task
- Lord kizzy, the social media manager, gave weekly updates for video content engagement.
- Introduction of new members joining in
- Devon, the task management, gave more information on the weekly updates
- LilyCupcake updated us on the Town Hall Video Edits
- Malik updated us on the Town Hall Summary
- Allocation of task by Slate, the video workgroup facilitator
- Discussion on budgeting

#### Action Items:

- [action] New lead on Meeting Summary [assignee] devon [due] 26 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] New Lead on Town Hall Edits [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 26 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] New Lead on Town Hall Summary [assignee] cardano_class [due] 26 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] New Lead on Task Management [assignee] hogantuso [due] 26 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] New Lead on Social Media Management [assignee] malik [due] 26 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] New Lead on the Video Work Group Facilitator [assignee] Slate [due] 26 April 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:

- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, Budget , Quarterly Report
- emotions: Friendly, Thoughtful , speedy , Casual, productive, Organised, engaging new people, positive

### Writers Workgroup

No Summary Given


### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], Kenichi, LadyTempestt, Mikasa, Prime, Photogee, Kareem, devon
- Purpose: Reflection on what we’ve achieved this month and quarter.
- Working Docs:
  - [Ehnacing security and privacy in a digital age](https://medium.com/@singularitynetambassadors/ai-cryptography-enhancing-security-and-privacy-in-the-digital-age-db5c1bbf5fdb)
  - [SNET WWG-TEST](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ines Gavina's test](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17GdXHqUQYuleKaUgJpuOFv-im-PjuTTdCG-in3L7_NU/edit)

#### Narrative:
Kenichi gave a quick update regarding Cogito articles, and asked the Scribblers involved to be patient with the payment process.
Kenichi talked about adding one or two Scribes next week to assist with the editing and proofreading of articles.
Kenichi talked about increasing Zealy quests allocation next quarter.
Kenichi also discussed a publication site for all Scribblers to post their articles after being reviewed by Scribes and paid for.
Kareem updated us on the workings of the ambassador brand guidelines he’s working on.
We need to publish 4 more articles from this quarter.
Kenichi opened the floor with Scribblers on how to get more article suggestions.
Our Zealy is doing great with engagement and impressions, surpassing the WG’s expectations.
Kenichi opened the floor to Scribblers to express if they want an increase or decrease in the number of articles, points, and rewards. He also explained how articles are evaluated for payment.




#### Decision Items:
- The allocation for the points system will include past amounts due to the final budget allocation once the vote is concluded.
  - [rationale] To align it with the final budget allocation
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kareem to design the publication avatar and logo and forward it to Kenichi for our upcoming publication site. [assignee] Kareem [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to reach out to Peter E concerning the brand guidelines colors. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] Kareem to create a graphic on an Easter announcement [assignee] Kareem [status] done
- [action] Kareem to work on a graphic for the quarterly update from the ambassador program.  [assignee] Kareem [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to assign Mikasa and LadyTempestt to work on monthly updates from the ambassador program.  [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to reach out to Peter E to make a designer tag and grant Kareem access to the writer's dework channel. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Zealy, Graphics, brand guidelines, quarterly update, Points system, monthly updates, avatar, logo, payment, evaluation, evaluation of articles, publication, publication site, Scribe role
- emotions: informative, Welcoming, Collaborative, Thoughtful 


## Saturday 30th March 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, flyn, devon, Slate, lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian, martin, john
- Purpose: Project "Ambassador Program On Roblox" and Gaming Session
- Working Docs:
  - [Quarterly Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10E9GCj7RoHwRSQk8hT7bbxOD1trYh\_EdIL-bAlPFXiQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:

Discussion on topics including: Workgroup iterations Animation / Scripting Questions inside of Onboarding WG on Roblox Budget Request for Q2

#### Discussion Points:

- Slate welcomed everyone in the meeting
- Slate then showcased the workgroup and the upgrades made to the workgroup
- Slate also showcased the NPC (non-player character) dialgue system and the questions added to the workgroup lead NPC
- Then animations of NPC were shown
- Lord Kizzy really liked his NPC
- The NPCs included waving, researching, documenting, and moving around
- Lord Kizzy also mentioned that we can add more questions to the NPCs and said that he will get to back to us about this after the meeting
- Slate then discussed the quarterly budget and told that in the next quarter we are going to be working on at least 6-7 workgroups
- And also mentioned that the budget would be increased from 1_200 = 200$ for 1 Workgroup so for 7_200 = 1400$ for 7 Workgroups for next quarter
- On that Lord Kizzy mentioned that we should make a schedule for the collecting of information from different workgroups
- Everybody really liked the idea and to discuss it by next meeting
- Slate then handed over the gaming session to Malik
- For today the game was a racing game
- And everybody enjoyed the gaming session
- Slate said farewell to everyone until next meeting

#### Decision Items:

- Schedule making
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Adding more questions to NPCs
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:

- [action] Add more questions to the NPCs [assignee] Slate [due] 30 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Document the questions [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 2 April 2024 [status] in progress

#### Game Rules:

Cross the lap 3 times and be the first participant to win the race

#### Leaderboard:

- 1st Devon

#### Keywords/tags:

- topics covered: Rewards, Budget, Q2 2024 budget, Roblox, participation, Onboarding WG, NPC, Budget request
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, Thoughtful
- games played: Roblox
