---
description: 4th March 2024 to 10th March 2024
---

# Week 10

## Sunday 3rd March 2024

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: hogantuso [facilitator], devon [documenter], lord kizzy, malik, Slate, cardano_class, Prime, lilycupcake, Rojo, WaKa
- Purpose: the meeting focused on task updates, role assignments, and encouraging increased engagement in video production and social media management.
#### Discussion Points:
- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Tuso
- Updates provided on BGI Summit
- Lord Kizzy provided updates on video production tasks, including delays and progress made.
- Social media manager gave monthly analytics updates for YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, and Twitter.
- Rojo proposed to make video clips from BGI Content available on youtube.
-  Participants discussed the need for more video production to enhance social media engagement.
- Discussions on ways to suggest topics for videos
-  Participants were selected for various roles including social media manager, task manager, and meeting summary editor....

#### Decision Items:
- Devon - Task Manager
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Malik - Townhall Summary edit
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lord Kizzy - Social media Manager
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lilycupcake - Townhall video edit
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Tuso - Meeting Summarizer
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Slate - Meeting Facilitator
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Make video clips from BGI content. [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 31 March 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, Monthly analytics, video topics, Roles
- emotions: Friendly, Thoughtful , entertaining
## Tuesday 5th March 2024

### Ambassador Town Hall

Meeting was cancelled 


## Wednesday 6th March 2024



### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen, Vanessa [documenter], Andr√©, Vanessa, Stephen, Vasu, Kenichi, duke peter, esewilliams, Onyeka
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/104)

#### Decision Items:
- On meeting publicity: we agreed that if this task continues in Q2, it should probably shift towards DMing those involved in the WG (perhaps even reminding them of their action items?) rather than general publicity
  - [rationale] New people are coming more because they are doing bounties and getting involved with the work of the group, than becaue they are responding to publicity. But Slate DMd people this week, and people said they liked it and found it useful
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed on doing a Town Hall presentation to share tips and tricks on making good meeting summaries. Provisional date 19th March, subject to checking with Peter. Vanessa to create slides, Ese to deliver, and Onyeka to facilitate Q&A.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will offer bounties for people to use the Archives to create short (90-second) reports at TH on what WGs have done this quarter, as a supplement to the WGs' own reports. Subject to agreement from WG leads, provisional date TH on 26th March
  - [rationale] It's a good way to get people using the Archives and becoming aware of other WGs' work.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that the "correction and maintenance of monthly reocrds" work will cover June to end of August this quarter; Sept-Dec will be done in Q2
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Ubio has made a short video to demonstrate his work on AI application of (human-generated) tags to the corpus - all agreed it was great
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Kenichi gave a backlog of Writers' Workgroup summaries from 2023 and 2024 - we agreed that Vanessa will add them to the achives (manually for the 2023 ones, and via the tool for the later ones); and  Kenichi will raise it at a writers' WG meeting and find someone to do it for the future
  - [rationale] Because once you have backlog that has mounted up, it can feel exhausting to clear it - so easier if Vanessa does it
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed Duke, Onyeka and Ese will timestamp the BGI video material (subject to verifying how many videos there are). We'll use the going rate of $15 per video. Also agreed that since Ese has not done it before, Duke will meet her to explain how it's done; and agreed that Onyeka will upload the timestamps to the YouTube account since he has access to it.
  - [rationale] It's important archival material, and we don't think any other WG has planned to do it.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Look further into what should be included in Governance GitBook update, and bring to next meeting - Basically done, although still waiting for some input from Supervisory Council - see relevant issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/23 [assignee] Vanessa [due] 6 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Look at how to ensure that Meeting Summary tool issues at https://archive-oracle.netlify.app/issues get referred to Onyeka where needed - done, Onyeka's contact has been added to the issues log [assignee] Andr√© [due] 6 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Add a feature request in the Tool Issues, for the addition of a comment section, to enable members of a workgroup to comment on a summary rather than creating a whole new summary with suggested changes. Need to ensure that comments are separate and don't get exported. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 20 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Andr√© to chat to Ubio about his tool dev work - done, Ubio has added updates to the relevant Issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/115 [assignee] Andr√© [due] 6 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Google Analytics has been set up on the Archives GitBook - Andr√© will check in 48 hrs (Friday 23rd) that it's working - Done. It is working [assignee] Andr√© [due] 23 February 2024 [status] done
- [action] Run a brief session sometime before the next meeting, to familiarise new people with how a GitHub board works - Done, session took place on Mon 4th March and video is on YouTube [assignee] Stephen [due] 6 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vanessa and Andre to firm up what the template for the backlog meetings needs to look like [assignee] Andr√©, Vanessa [due] 20 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Stephen to check why SucrenSpice doesn't seem to have permissions to merge changes on Ambassador GitBook [assignee] Stephen [due] 28 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to add Town Hall recordings from Jan and Feb to the Archive using the new template for them [assignee] Vanessa [due] 28 February 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke, Onyeka and Ese to timestamp the BGI video material, subject to verifying how many videos there are [assignee] duke peter, esewilliams, lord kizzy [due] 20 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to create a video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board, based on Stephen's training session - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116 [assignee] duke peter [due] 20 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to add Writers' WG's backlog of summaries to the Archives [assignee] Vanessa [due] 19 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa, Ese and Onyeka to devise a TH session on tips and tricks for good meeting summaries - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/106 [assignee] Vanessa, esewilliams, lord kizzy [due] 19 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to post bounties for people to use the Archives to create quick TH reports on what WGs have been doing this quarter - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/107 [assignee] Vanessa [due] 15 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to contact Esther on Monday re: next steps for knowledge management work with SC [assignee] Vanessa [due] 11 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to bring a finished draft of the Q1 quarterly report to the next meeting for sign-off [assignee] Vanessa [due] 20 March 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: publicity, meeting summary tool, Tool Development, AI tooling, Governance GitBook, Town Hall, GitHub training, GitHub video walkthrough, Q1 quarterly report, BGI 2024 summit, documenting BGI, Supervisory Council, encouraging use of Archives, bounties, Writers WorkGroup, timestamps
- emotions: new ideas, outward-looking, engaging new people, focused, inventive, ideas for engagement



### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], malik, Slate, osmium, duke peter, Headelf, WaKa, Will Tatz
- Purpose: Hypercycle video, Ambassador Program progress, Budget, Shifting focus, Rotating facilitation, Cogito infographic, Spinoffs, ACP, Quiz creation
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hnj3syHlwtunfqIJjm45ak9E3ki8DmZ7RObD2wEn-Lg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Reviewed and approved Osmium's hypercycle video.
- Headelf's discussion with a SingularityNet funder about the Ambassador Program progress.
- Q2 Budget Discussion

#### Discussion Points:
- Headelf expressed gratitude to Slate for hosting and managing in his absence.
- Next quarter budget discussion planned for the next meeting.
- Headelf's announcement of shifting focus to the strategy guild.
- Proposal for implementing a rotating facilitation model, similar to the video workgroup.
- Reviewed and approved Duke Peter's infographic on Cogito.
- Slate mentioned the completion of most spinoffs, with only 2-3 remaining.
- Discussion on Kenichi's proposal to introduce slide decks in the Ambassador Certification Program (ACP), with a decision to maintain the current process to avoid delays.
- Headelf proposed shifting towards the creation of quizzes as projects wrap up.
- Discussion on the fairness of a $10 price per quiz creation.
- Positive feedback on the usefulness of infographics during Headelf's visit to Panama.

#### Decision Items:
- Approved Osmium's hypercycle video.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Approved Duke Peter's infographic on Cogito.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Maintained the current process for the ACP, rejecting the proposal to introduce slide decks.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Next quarter budget discussion in the upcoming meeting. [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 12 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Implementation of a rotating facilitation model. [assignee] Slate [due] 11 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Consideration of the $10 price per quiz creation. [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 12 March 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, infographic, Google Classroom, slide decks, review, Cogito, Budget, Q2 Budget, Hypercycle, slide decks, facilitation, quiz, $10, pay, rewards, fairness, 
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike.



### Research and Development Guild

No Summary Given 


## Thursday 7th March 2024



### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: LadyTempestt [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Vanessa, LadyTempestt, SucrenSpice, Cjfrankie, duke peter, ToneTech, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh
- Working Docs:
  - [Continuous Onboarding Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UEL60VgQ_fQ4fDCO10B5HD-0IjnrEI56ZKyyijDj1qQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ideas and Potential Improvement ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RBACFdyclW3hSB3vfU2lZltR3ILc_Ed8wT5s0iUiND8/edit)
  - [New welcome video script](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Iy4jotEpsJbYe2lWNArQrSU9kAPKfvj9oHfbweokTuA/edit)

#### Town Hall Updates:
Share our Continuous Onboarding report and Ideas and Improvements report. 
Give a report-back on the onboarding session on 8th Feb.
Share Duke‚Äôs voiceover video for the Onboarding slides.
Advertise that the next onboarding session is on 16th May.



#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of the last meeting
- Action Items from the last meeting
- Sign-off of 2 Continuous Onboarding docs, and Onboarding slides voiceover (with music version)
- New Welcome video - link has disappeared
- Town Hall update
- Idea of a new Introduction channel on Discord ("tell-us-your-interest" or "which-workgroup-should-I-join?")
- Outstanding work that was budgeted for in Q1 and not yet done: Onboarding Journeys
- Q2 budget - what should be included?
- Should Onboarding WG be promoted as the first stop for new people?

#### Decision Items:
- Duke's voiceover video of the Onboarding slides should be added to Ambassador google drive and Youtube
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will post the Continuous Onboarding docs in Discord after they have been shared in a Town Hall
  - [rationale] we want to officially launch them via Town Hall
- We will all think about the idea of a "which WG should I join" Discord channel  in the context of our Q2 budget, and discuss next week. Agreed that current Introductions channel isn't working well
  - [rationale] There will be costs associated with doing it: someone will need to make sure they keep aware what WGs are doing, to point people to the right one; so best to look at it in context of budget
  - [opposing] Some felt it might duplicate what is already being done. Some felt that moving Introductions channel so it's under Ambassador section of Discord would help
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will discuss next week the idea of Onboarding being promoted as a first WG that people should join, in the context of Q2 budget.  The idea is to promote "learning by doing", and aim to mentor and support new people to get involved in the actual tasks of the workgroup
  - [rationale] Whichever approach we take would have budget implications - if we aim to integrate new people into our work, we would need to budget for mentorship, buddying, etc; or, if meetings are made longer and include a weekly onboarding session, we need to budget for that.
  - [opposing] Some felt that we should instead make Onboarding meetings longer, and have an onboarding support session for new people at the end of each meeting;
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will create some Onboarding Journeys by the end of the quarter - aim for 3
  - [rationale] it's something we budgeted for this quarter, and that still feels important to do
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Gamers Guild will be joining our next meeting, to discuss how they will present Onboarding WG in their Roblox game about the Ambassador program
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Vani to share the doc on how to ratify a new workgroup in our Discord for all to go through. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 15 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lord Kizzy to ask Sucre and/or Tevo to check the new FAQ on MINs before adding it to the getting started channel. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 7 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to present the WG‚Äôs latest updates at the ambassador town hall on 5th March - now postponed to 12th? or possibly to end of month (26th), since TH did not take place on the 5th due to panama conference [assignee] duke peter [due] 12 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lady Tempestt to look on Knowledge Base WG's Miro board for link to sample survey form, to use an example in the Ideas and Improvements doc [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 14 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lady Tempestt and Vani to finish edits on the Ideas & Potential Improvements - Lady Tempestt doc in time to share it at TH on 5th March [assignee] LadyTempestt, Vanessa [due] 4 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lord Kizzy and Vani to finish edits on continuous onboarding report in time to share it at TH on 5th March [assignee] lord kizzy, Vanessa [due] 4 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to draft a doc to list possible new budget elements for Q2 - all to contribute ideas to be discussed next week [assignee] Vanessa [due] 8 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke, Onyeka, and Cjfrankie to work on (3?) Onboarding Journeys for next week‚Äôs meeting - define what the journeys will be and what format they should be in [assignee] duke peter, lord kizzy, cjfrankie  [due] 14 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] LordKizzy to chase LilyCupcake via DM about new Welcome video - link has disappeared? [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 14 March 2024 [status] todo

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Budget for Q2 - particularly, making Onboarding WG the first place to go if you want to join the SNET ambassador program; idea of new "Which WG should I join?" channel
- Draft doc on how to become a WG
- Onboarding journeys
- Other Q1 outstanding work - infographics and educative material RE decisions
- Q1 quarterly report
- Onboarding WG on Gamers' Guild's Roblox game

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Getting Started, Mins token, Onboarding Workgroup as a first stop, Video Script, Town Hall update, Q2 budget, Infographics, Education material, Collaboration, Introductions Discord channel, "which WG should I join?" channel, onboarding journeys, Gamers Guild, Roblox, new Welcome video, infographic, Quarterly Report
- emotions: Friendly, funny , Deliberative, Discursive, long agenda, in depth, differing opinions, good to hear differing opinions, people were confident

### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Andr√© [facilitator], Andr√© [documenter], Vanessa, Will Tatz, Andr√©, duke peter, SucrenSpice, Clement Umoh
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764574789806585&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240?taskId=83aeda8d-2434-42f9-9f48-be1345c9f8e6)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Ambassador Q1 Budget Request to fit into Q1 Budget limit - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussed topics to bring over to next meeting when everyone is back
- Create budgets in AGIX or USD
- Limits on the Core Costs
- What are Core Costs
- Reporting on budgets
- How do we do reporting on proposals
- How do we handle workgroups that underspent on proposals and can the unspent budget be secured for next quarter
- Renewel of Ambassador budget 20th May and will the quarterly amount change
- If the price rises, should the rates go up for tasks
- Can workgroups bid on some of the surplus

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, Budget , Quarter 1, Quarterly Budget Calculator, Surplus, Exchange rates, Reporting
- how the meeting felt: small, not many people spoke, no decisions, duologue, collating ideas

### Deep Funding Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Judith [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Judith, Ubio, Gavriel, Mauro Andreoli, Rafael Presa, Curtis, Emotu, WaKa, Kenn, duke peter, Juan Pablo Barea, William Thistleton, hogantuso, Yoram Ben Zvi, Daniel David Lezu, Juana Attieh, Clement Umoh
- Purpose: Discussion of ideas for improvements to Town Hall

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC" %}

[0:00](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=0s) Intro By Judith Williams.
[03:42](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=222s) Mauro Andreoli Giving His Point Of View On Guests At Th.
[04:30](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=270s) Rafael Presa About Format.
[06:10](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=370s) Unio Obu On Why Do Come To Deep Funding.
[08:15](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=495s) William Thistleton On Technical Interest In Deep Funding.
[11:12](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=672s) Curtis Myers On Value Contribution.
[12:11](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=731s) Emotu About Platform Assistance For Dyslexic People.
[16:24](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=984s) Walter Karshat On Builder Community.
[19:01](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=1141s) Mauro Andreoli About Developers To Attend Th.
[23:01](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=1381s) Unio Obu Discussion On How Technicals Are The Th.
[26:31](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=1591s) Gavriel In Culture Share About Th.
[33:09](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=1989s) Ken Suggestion On Hackathons Events And Going On Public At Other Platforms.
[39:35](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=2375s) Gavriel Sharing The Survey On Producing Projects Vs. Engage With The Community.
[43:41](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=2621s) Unio Obu Implication On The Statement That Th Should Be For The Town.
[46:30](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=2790s) Rafael Presa On Creating Connections And Engagements Round After Round.
[51:42](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=3102s) Gavriel About To Leverage Breakout Rooms In X Spaces.
[53:10](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=3190s) Mauro Andreoli Presents His Experience With  X Spaces And Topics To Discuss.
[55:20](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=3320s) Gavriel About Directing Conversation For Developers.
[56:30](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=3390s) Rafael Presa About Being Beneficial For Everyone.
[59:47](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=3587s) Gavriel Says That The Th Should Be Something To Meet The People In The Town.
[01:01:38](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=3698s) Unio Obu Anyone Should Join The Th.
[01:04:05](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=3845s) Awareness About The Proposers Are Not Participating In Th.
[01:11:20](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=4280s) Kenn And Gavriel About Community Governance.
[01:14:55](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=4495s) Mauro Andreoli Presents Positives Indicators At Current Th.
[01:16:00](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=4560s) Walter On Tools And Platforms For Th.
[01:18:51](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=4731s) Duke Suggest Delegating On Survey For Developers Ecosystem About How They Think To Understand The Topics For Them In The Th.
[01:21:20](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=4880s) Walter About How Developers Can Participate In Th.
[01:23:25](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=5005s) Rafael Presa With Technical Vs Non-technicals Funded Projects.
[01:24:35](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=5075s) Gavriel Explains That Developers Are Social Persons.
[01:26:25](https://youtu.be/Gt_BjQFIJNU?si=ObHqqmQ986-2SldC\&t=5185s) Final Words

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: developers, format, guests, contribution, value, dyslexia, community, community engagement, builder, hackathon, breakout room, X spaces, proposer, participation, Governance, community governance, tools, platform, survey , tech vs non tech


## Friday 8th March 2024




### Marketing Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Judith [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Kenichi, Judith, lord kizzy, Duke, Slate, Franklyn, Clement Umoh, Oluwaseun Gbiri
- Purpose: Updates on the Zealy Amplification System
- Working Docs:
  - [Marketing Guild Tasks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ktWxTMqnu-srw7u1EsIU81L37E7agUm8HHesUEZ76wU/edit)
  - [AMBASSADORS PROGRAM EXPLAINER](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QzM6-3fsR5ZBBp3FQ8LKFT_rR34gM5CLmiZIUZRsA9k/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [SNET Jam Purpose](https://jamboard.google.com/d/1jJ0qgZkbjaXVpVNL1EWExYI9w81NEJqBCLbNG9psYao/viewer?f=0&pli=1)

#### Discussion Points:
- Explanation on how tasks are assigned in the Guild: once you are in the meeting in which tasks are being assigned, express your interest in where you feel you can contribute and the task will be assigned to you
- Discussions on Zealy updates by Kenichii

#### Decision Items:
- The Zealy program could have a module for community engagement, like a separate Discord server for community posts
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- There will be a BETA stage for the Zealy platform before its actual launch
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Zealy will be using a tier system for rewards and only top participants will be rewarded 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Marketing, Engagement, Rewards, Zealy, Tasks
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, Thoughtful , speedy 
- other: There will be rewards for people who can provide quality quest for the Zealy platform

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], lord kizzy, malik, Slate, Prime, lilycupcake, Rojo, hogantuso, osmium, devon, hufiumer69
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task updates, Strategy for video content production, existing tasks.
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate
- Devon provided updates on video production tasks, including delays and progress made.
- Social media manager gave weekly updates for video content engagement.
- Rojo proposed to make more video clips from BGI content available on youtube.
- Discussions on the pending long video tasks.
- Discussions on ways to suggest topics for videos and review of the video created by Osmium
- Zealy platform updates
- Video update from OEP

#### Decision Items:
- There was a decision to introduce topics in the meetings, and votes should be in the video workgroup channel 
  - [rationale] this was done due to the fact that some members aren't usually in the meetings, so it's better the votes are done in the video workgroup channel 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Voting on a video only lasts for 24 hrs
  - [rationale] this is to hasten the process of voting
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The task manager for the month is to reach out to members once their video gets accepted
  - [rationale] this is to know whom they intend to partner with on the video
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Make video clips from BGI content. [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 31 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Extension of deadline for long videos [assignee] devon [due] 12 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Communication with judith on her approved video [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 15 March 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Partnership with OEP on an HYPERCYCLE video [assignee] osmium [due] 15 March 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, video topics, Roles, Hypercycle
- emotions: Friendly, Thoughtful , speedy , Casual

### Writers Workgroup

No Summary Given

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Mikasa, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Clement Umoh, devon, Franklyn, Ehmee Isaac
- Purpose: Announcing the successful launch of our Zealy.
#### Narrative:
The first 25 minutes of the meeting were dedicated to sharing vital insights into how our zealy would run after now.
To keep community members engaged, an NFT badge might be implemented to reward participation.
A brand guideline is also very crucial; it would be a 40-page PDF containing things such as colors, typography, logo, and more!
According to the WG lead - Kenichi, the Points System for February has been paid, however, he wasn‚Äôt impressed with our performances - we‚Äôre urged to improve our communication, and attendance, and suggest more articles.




#### Decision Items:
- We decided that any Scribbler can suggest a quest for the Zealy page.
  - [rationale] To encourage more participation
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that we will be on the lookout for designers who would be a part of the Zealy journey and they must be in our weekly meetings. In light of such, anyone interested should submit their portfolio of work.
  - [rationale] Because we want to work with people who actually attend our meetings
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Moving forward, our meeting notes will be uploaded to the meeting summary tool; once a Scribbler takes a note, they should share it in the writer's channel before it gets uploaded.
  - [rationale] So WG members can check it before it is added to the Archives
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to announce the need for making a writer WG brand guideline in the ambassador‚Äôs town hall. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to chase Judith before the next marketing call to discuss more on the Zealy launch üöÄ [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] There would be a pair review for Primes test, this test determines whether he gets onboarded or not! [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to draft an FAQ to provide more clarity on Zealy  [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] We would need to launch a Zealy Beta Round which will run for 2 straight weeks [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: zealy launch, NFT badge, Points system, zealy quest, Peer review, meeting notes
- emotions: funny , insightful, informative, disappointment, awkward silence