---
description: Mon 16th Dec - Sun 22nd Dec 2024
---

# Week 51

## Monday 16th December 2024


### Treasury Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], effiom, tevo, SubZero, CallyFromAuron
- **Purpose:** Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764607062092588&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Treasury Policy Submission Form (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-tAwCD3vrXNSbUdQApljTVMfFGVDJo6PBdM39CO73Uk/edit?gid=1814531250#gid=1814531250)
  - [Treasury Policy Feedback (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tlq_125RZp3C_uESRUy7mhYP1q7nbf7jdSE3b3iU46g/)
  - [Some possible approaches to budget fitting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kzJ3tyWfK922Za4RqGu0QOM2aUCZ3dl5AYEpJc_kDtM/)
  - [Q4 Consent (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q2-njlAwe6QPJYl78XrpXvhjB0v3sU39jN--LEYMKE4/)
  - [Ratify Treasury Policy - Slow Start](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeSZE1tOeBum-GlRYUSy2ApPSxTe7D8BBJPwwszfNLfOJJ0fA/viewform)
  - [Context setting for Core Contributor decision on Q4 budgets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1epegnWB0OMmM2JdAgT_ENr8QiDn0lyg3f7eMDArY2qk/edit#heading=h.miolh5lubdj1)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal Q1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dxcnnRhG_kFBmtvlmuiZ-Ddx_tcCeT9wq0_InuSkeGs/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)

#### Agenda item 1 - Guild Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed Dework tasks
- Should we move to fixed AGIX rewards?
- What are the upsides and downsides of fixed AGIX rewards?
- How do we approach planning the next Quarter's Treasury Guild sessions?
- What are the main topics of the next Quarter's Treasury Guild sessions?
- [Treasury Guild Calendar on Miro Board] (https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764601622292432&cot=14)
- Who should be responsible for Q1 2025 Meeting preparations?
- We checked Ambassador Program Q1 2025 Budgets for all Workgroups

#### Decision Items:
- Treasury Guild will move to fixed AGIX Ratio rewards in Quarter 1 2025
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Microsoft License costs (up to 3) will be taken from the support activity budget line
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Notice! In Quarter 2 2025, the Treasury Operators will start to meet bi-weekly
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will continue using the Meeting Summary rotation model that we started to experiment in Q4 2024
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Tevo can continue supporting the meeting preparations and coordination
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The Ambassador Program Q1 Budgets are all decided and approved.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom to include his hours on his Dework Tasks [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Check up with Onize to learn how much time she spent on drafting Treasury Proposal for Q1 2025 [**assignee**] Onize [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to draft meeting summary and upload in summary tool. [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to review and publish in Discord [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to update who has Core Contributor tag in Discord [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to update Treasury Manager configuration to automatically calculate AGIX rewards based on task points [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Draft Treasury Guild Quarter 1 2025 Report [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Draft Treasury Guild Q2 2025 Proposal [**status**] todo
- [**action**] André to update Quarter 1 2025 Budgets on Dashboard [**assignee**] André [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Ambassador Program Reserves - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How are reserves calculated? What is “Program reserves” and what is “WG reserves”?
- Do WorkGroup reserves get clawed back? - before 2023 it was done automatically, and currently nothing in place for this
- How long should we wait for workgroups to use the leftover funds each WG is collecting? Should there even be a time limit?
- How flexible should budgets be - can WGs reallocate unspent funds to activities they need to do?
- Do reserves get clawed back, and if so, how and when? How should this be decided? e.g. a consent process to all Core Contributors?

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Coordinate with Treasury Automation WG to improve calculations of reserves and have better overview of it in the dashboard. [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Discuss the use of reserves in the next Town Hall on 7th Jan 2025, and in Governance WG; ensure everyone understands the current situation before asking for opinions on changing it [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Quarter 1 2025, Reporting, Quarter 2 2025, Proposal, Budget, Guild Management, Documentation, treasury guild operations, Automation, Miro Board, Reserves, Fixed AGIX Rewards, Rewards

### Strategy Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** esewilliams [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Ayo, Photogee, Eric Davies, LordKizzy, Effiom, Mikasa, hogantuso
- **Purpose:** Biweekly meeting of the Strategy Guild

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?gid=1268899826#gid=1268899826)
  - [The Strategy Guild Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1FVYpm_Q1r97pK8h1PdKX-ntyvDozv2d1GXYr-BNy8hA/edit)
  - [REPORT - STRATEGY GUILD  Q4 WORKSHOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rY2yjckO8n0h9PZR2RHz9rJEwqIQln9TbvCgj7fasaY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy review ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12-7c62Bbdc3M8EuWxbJEYfjPS7_cgJPIO4-40q5wnwk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Q4 research report presentation by Effiom: The November workshop, focused on the Education and R&D workgroups, included three sessions — ideation, solution framework, and adoption framework — with strong participation from the R&D team and partial representation from Education. The follow-up document is available for review and feedback.

Streamlining Feedback Collection for Async Teams: Ayo mentioned that the async follow-up team should have the autonomy to determine how they gather and document feedback, as past experiences showed challenges in managing surveys and contributions effectively. They might consider presenting feedback during workgroup meetings, allotting 5-10 minutes for discussions, and documenting insights gathered from these sessions.

Q4 research report by kizzy: Strategy Guild's research report for the ambassador program highlights key strengths such as collaboration, strategic planning, and resource management, while addressing challenges in communication, role clarity, and resource allocation. It provides actionable recommendations, including enhancing inter-guild communication, fostering collaboration, and aligning resource allocation with community feedback to improve overall effectiveness and alignment with the program's objectives.

Community Conflict Resolution Update: Tuso reported that the issue raised within the community has been addressed. Both parties engaged, one showing remorse, and emphasized the need for a conflict resolution guideline to streamline future cases.

Update on Gorga's absence and conflict resolution: Tuso reported that after reaching out to Gorga, he was unresponsive and uninterested in addressing the issue, and has not attended recent meetings, suggesting the team move on and focus on other matters.

Photogee reiterated what Tuso said, expressing his desire to move on, and his frustration over Gorga's lack of response, which has left them feeling like they are the ones carrying the responsibility for the issue.

Ayo explained that after Gorga criticized the Q4 budget, an independent committee was formed to investigate the matter, with Tuso, CJFrankie, and Photogee serving as neutral members to reach out to Gorga and present evidence, though Gorga later assured them that the issue was now resolved.

Q1 2025 Budget Update and Strategic Initiatives Overview: Effiom provided an update on the Q1 2025 budget, highlighting that the estimated costs remain close to the previous quarter's budget, with a total of 2,200 USD allocated. While most operational costs stayed the same, a few areas, like workshops and research, had their budgets reduced. Effiom also mentioned that, due to limited funds, only one research initiative would be undertaken instead of the planned two. He emphasized the importance of feedback from the community to guide the research selection process, with members encouraged to contribute ideas during the holiday season. The bi-weekly meetings and the workshop structure will remain the same for Q1 2025.

Q1 2025 Strategic Planning: Ayo clarified that the submission of ideas for research and workshops will be done asynchronously, allowing members to think and submit their ideas, which will then be discussed in detail during the first meeting to plan the quarter, especially regarding research and workshops.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom to collect meeting notes today to ensure payments are processed before the Treasury closes tomorrow.
 [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget, Q1 2025 budget, Async, Q1 2025 projections, Workshop, Education Guild, R&D Guild, survey, conflict resolution, research
- **emotions:** Friendly, calm, cool, chatty
## Wednesday 18th December 2024


### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw, CollyPride, guillermolucero, AJ, kenichi, Rojo
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- Facilitation in Q1
- Open discussion
- How to implement the potential outcome of AI SandBox & AI Think Tank in the R&D Guild in the next quarters
- MetaCoders Lab Discussion
- Good bye messages

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Advance went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: SBD Tokens: Kenichi highlighted that the work on the backend has been slow due to the holidays and that the smart contract (Cardano Plutus) is almost ready, he also noted the need for a call with the team members on the testing and promised to provide a quarterly report on development. He also requested the program's Database from Rojo for intergration.
- R&D Guild Metta Coder Lab Initiative: The initiative is set to start in Q1 2025 and communications are still ongoing with the representatives from the Foundation. Guillermo also noted that he will be presenting a proposal in DeepFunding for the Metta coder labs initiative in R&D GUILD.

- Follow up on the CSDB: Advance expressed a delay in the deliverables due to an expected integration issue, but hopes to resolve everything in the coming week, guillermo also pointed out the need to get the project out and receive feedback on it.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, Guillermo has been actively contributing by participating in Governance WG calls and documenting deliverables. Lordkizzy, on the other hand, acknowledged his absence due to a three-week journey but assured he would provide a report before the week's end. 
- How to implement the potential outcome of AI SandBox & AI Think Tank in the R&D Guild in the next quarters: Advance shared his views on the the open discussion, he felt that there is a possibility for a collaboration between the R&D Guild, Education Guild, AI Sandbox/Think-tank, and he gave a scenario where tools developed by the R&D Guild could be presented as a project showcase for AI Sandbox, then educational materials could be created on the tool by Education Guild 
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Web 3 Contributors' Dashboard, Rojo apologized for being absent from previous calls due to time zone difference and pointed out that he was going to work on the Quarterly report for the  Web 3 Contributor's Dashboard

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] CSDB team to finish and get ready for redeployment by 25th of NOV [**assignee**] AJ, Advanceameyaw [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy and guillermo to have a call to discuss on the governance dashboard project [**assignee**] LordKizzy, guillermolucero [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Members to express interest in the sheet for facilitation,  [**assignee**] All members [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy and Guillermo to schedule a call with the team to discuss the automation of core Contributors by Treasury guild [**assignee**] LordKizzy, guillermolucero [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to schedule a meeting for the R&D and Education Guild members to discuss collaboration. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy will prepare materials and create rooms for the brainstorming session scheduled for next week. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Aj to ensure integration with Rojo is completed before the next meeting. [**assignee**] AJ [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] ALL team members to provide a Quarterly report on projects in developments [**assignee**] Team members [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to provide a report on the Governance dashboard [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Tool Development, AI tooling, Presentation, Operations, Workshop, Facilitation, CSDB, collaboration skills database, Education Guild, AI Sandbox/Think Tank, collaboration, Governance Dashboard, Governance Workgroup, DeepFunding
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy, Welcoming, Thoughtful, Friendly, Collaborative

### GitHub PBL WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Evelyn, Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], Tevo, Evelyn, Gorga Siagian, Malik
- **Purpose:** We are creating a PBL course on Andamio about GitHub features and use cases to manage

- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764607640763654&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link]( )
- **Working Docs:**
  - [GitHub PBL Structure](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764601828301755&cot=10)
  - [Register to GitHub Stuff (Googleform)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwIsf_GS29MAjQSzpnDYv_X1yejNRjn6Gjt2othqtiXAFhAg/viewform)
  - [PBL WG Proposal Q1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YPg0iHYmhrF2KOKEhzehzw4Trd-wQ_s4faubS3FpF_c/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.l832kyptxzsj)
  - [PBL WG Proposal Estimated Cost Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dPVsCGCuvp1nBxRM5zJteWZt7_J4ezbx6iB7Sc8VcHM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Github PBL Quarterly Report - Q4 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mGFj0ncsCFoS4eoOGBtCilFUjuMAcJXbh-7eJ4ItWSg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup management  - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Allocating participation rewards
- We got ~2500 AGIX currently in Q4 budget.
- When do we have Quarter 1 2025 sessions?
- What are the main agenda points for Q1 2025 sessions?
- We discussed the PBL project and the tasks of creating lessons assigned to some members of the Workgroup. At the time this discussion was held, the people assigned to these tasks were yet to make submissions.

#### Decision Items:
- From Quarter 1 2025 on, we will start experimenting with a fixed AGIX rate
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We estimate to kick off the WG in week 3 of January, following with 2 bi-weekly sessions and then relaxing for a month to catch up at the end of quarter 1.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create meeting summary [**assignee**] Evelyn [**due**] 23 December 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Review meeting summary  [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 23 December 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Agenda item 2 - Course content  - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Framework to be used for all the course modules.
- Going over the assignees of each lesson and updating on status.
- Having one assignment, meaning lesson expectations and surveys can't be done separately. 
- Restructuring who will make the background knowledge quizzes
- How do we select quizzes for courses?

#### Decision Items:
- We will start taking the courses together if our starting lessons reach the Miro status "On Andamio".
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Repurpose the quizzes - a single person to generate all of the quizzes for all the background knowledge lessons once they are on Andamio. In the 2nd meeting of Q1 we will select best ones for each lesson.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo will check on those asssigned to the PBL Course tasks to find out how far they've gone and if they plan to finish lesson. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 10 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** PBL Course project , AGIX rate, Rewards, Q1 2025 budget, Q1 2025 sessions, Andamio, payments in AGIX, quizzes, Q4 2024 budget
- **emotions:** Collaborative, forward planning
## Friday 20th December 2024

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, advanceameyaw [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, effiom, tevo
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base WG Proposal Q4 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XGPADj5Syu4eblKRpyY5I9PKj77uqsiO77s5FZd0oxQ/)
  - [Knowledge Base WG - Introduction to Knowledge Base WG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlHcTBzeJ0Y)
  - [KBWG Schedule on Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764601683623141&cot=10)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Miro Board and Activities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml_kDw09omQ)
  - [Managing Meeting Summaries Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4/)
  - [DRAFT - Knowledge Base WG Q4 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VqjcD9E_cEtA2INhVijfZO4H2m9R0lNna3u_La-cRIU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.mlz7hrgm8sds)
  - [Category Decsriptions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NzpysgIDsZFigFJz4Tiik3h2l0X4FJTJC4xEbGiwsUw)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We went over operational activities and assets we expect to produce before next meeting
- When and who will draft the Q1 2025 Report?
- What could be used as a great source for drafting an early Report?
- Who will do the Summary for the current Meeting?
- When would we prefer to start and what would our cadence on quarterly schedule look like?
- Should we move to fixed AGIX rewards?

#### Decision Items:
- Process Guild leads the process of proposing new date and time for Knowledge Base WG
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- From Quarter 1 we will start to have fixed hourly rate in AGIX
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom to draft Q1 Report. Tevo will review. [**assignee**] Effiom, Tevo [**due**] 10 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to draft meeting summary. Advanceameyaw will review and publish in Discord [**assignee**] Tevo, advanceameyaw [**due**] 6 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to start focusing on a script to generate GitHub Markdown files out of Miro Board exports [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 6 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Review Category Descr﻿iption Statuses - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We reviewed the outcomes so far
- We discussed the challenges of creating the descriptions
- We created new subgroup description "How do we define Roles?" using GPT https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NzpysgIDsZFigFJz4Tiik3h2l0X4FJTJC4xEbGiwsUw

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Continue Drafting Categories + subcategories [**assignee**] all [**due**] 6 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] request ChatGPT access for Adanceameyaw [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 6 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Remind Gorga that he also picked up a task to do but has not yet shared anything [**assignee**] Tevo, Gorga Siagian [**due**] 6 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Miro Board, Reporting, planning, Roles, Descriptions, ChatGPT, categories, Q1 2025 quarterly report, script, Markdown, Miro to GitHub, Meeting summary, Fixed AGIX Rewards
- **emotions:** small, low attendance, Organised, procedural