---
description: Mon 11th Aug - Sun 17th Aug 2025
---

# Week 33

## Wednesday 13th August 2025

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], guillermolucero, LordKizzy, CollyPride, osmium, Alfred Itodele, Tevo, PeterE, The white nile, advanceameyaw, jeff
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions
- **Working Docs:**
  - [MeTTa Coder Lab drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yUE7TQSRzE6BUyOUh41mHQGb_WmZhyEb)
  - [Nunet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwU_T2iANX63x3AYyofSb3s2cjp8SPZhMeoK60MTD8nSiIbA/viewform)
  - [Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16Rp5FqkRkBAxEc362uusDkXA23kCBS8o4yXeZYYtmsI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ccgsnlbc8s9h)
  - [Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15dJCh1k8_MR39HS5MaQynf6hTho80rUO1XNZAtifgI0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pJRfpdySCsvkjsMnWpDoeAMVpRJQQxJgTdJJWFj3ioc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs,  Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access, Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program,  AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. 

-  Address concerns; Gov-Dash / SingularityNET Ambassadors Governance Framework. 
- AOB Open discussions: Operations moving forward,
identify and establish priorities,
New proposals system redesign,
Onboarding Devs

#### Discussion Points:
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access: Tevo outlined the current status of a project proposal and presented updates on the call he had with REIMS, noting his role in delivery assurance to ensure quality outputs. He expressed concerns about new members struggling to find relevant information due to the complexity of terminology used in the community. To address this, he suggested implementing a language model to facilitate easier access to information.
- AGI Integration and Hackathon Strategy: Tevo outlined the opportunity to integrate their project with AGI's Woo agent and leverage the upcoming hackathon for visibility and support. He suggested submitting a proposal to Project Catalyst to improve information access within the community. Guillermo discussed the development of multiple AI agents, including an onboarding agent, and the need for collaboration on these initiatives. Colleen Pridemore mentioned her participation in the hackathon and her work on an ASI agent called Quantum Onboarder. Guillermo reviewed a funded project that achieved its last milestone, emphasizing its governance aspect and the use of open-source resources. Tevo shared a proposal link, prompting discussions on how to complement existing efforts. Guillermo noted the absence of SingularityNET or ASI integration in the proposal and explored ways to incorporate their branding and support from the foundation. The conversation centered on the development of agents in the ASI framework, with Guillermo highlighting the ability to create agents with specific characters and profiles. Tevo inquired about the distinctions between different agent types, and Vasu explained the Agentverse as a marketplace for agent creation and deployment. Jeff expressed interest in utilizing existing data for onboarding processes without retraining agents. Tevo expressed the need for clarity on whether the team would focus on a single project or multiple initiatives, emphasizing the importance of having their own agency outside the ASI 1 platform. Guillermo highlighted the necessity of deploying agents on the Agentverse and discussed the potential for using existing governance agents.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Guillermo Lucero will schedule a call with Tevo to discuss the integration of the Governance dashboard with the treasury [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 20 August 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Kenichi to share a visual presentation highlighting the progress updates on the R&D Channel [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 20 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo will assess the capability of REIMS in the meeting scheduled for August 7 and provide a status update in the next call [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 13 August 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] 
Tevo will write the proposal for Project Catalyst, focusing on the onboarding agent and platform integrations, before the deadline on the 18th. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 20 August 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** CSDB, Proposals, SEO, Governance Dashboard, Status update, Project Management, Project catalyst
- **emotions:**  Understanding.,  Satisfaction , Lengthy


## Thursday 14th August 2025


### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Duke, UKnowZork, Alfred Itodele, Sucre n Spice, esewilliams, Udoma
- **Purpose:** African Guild Meeting, 14th of August, 2025
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
Intro: The meeting opened with Duke noting that payouts in FET rather than AGIX could ease some of the workgroup struggles, since AGIX no longer carries much utility. He admitted he had missed some meetings and wanted to catch up on direction, while Sucre joined shortly after. We briefly had discussion on the Ambassador Program, survey results, and the tension between efficiency expectations and limited resources. Duke pointed out that some groups like Strategy and Marketing Guilds were at risk of suspension due to low survey ratings, while others like Onboarding scored above thresholds. He stressed that without adequate resources, efficiency is unrealistic and workgroups can only do as much as their budgets allow.
 


Highlights / Upcoming events
We discussed merging overlapping guilds to streamline costs, such as combining African Guild with LATAM or consolidating Marketing related groups under one umbrella. We also talked about redefining outputs for the next quarter, with African Guild focusing on outreach, events, and partnerships. Past activities like hackathons and multilingual literacy phases were highlighted as successful, though they required substantial funding. The conversation turned to sustainability: budgets are expected to shrink, and by next year, allocations may reduce further. Duke and Sucre agreed external funding was tricky, since it doesn’t make sense to promote SingularityNet with another company’s money. Cardano was suggested as a possible exception, but skepticism remained about its feasibility. The general consensus was that funding should come from within Deep funding or the foundation itself.  UknowZork raised a concern about the recent survey results, saying her fear was how they should brace themselves for this quarter since the survey will likely influence the budget and consent process for the next one. She pointed out that the African Guild was rated low in terms of work quality and expressed worry about how that might affect them moving forward. The discussion then circled around the challenge of producing quality work within the African Guild despite limited funding. Sucre stressed that last quarter it seemed like only one project was accomplished, and suggested the group should look for smaller activities or events that require little to no funding, things that could still keep the Guild active and engaged, maybe with just $50–$100. She also raised concerns that the Guild feels too West African or Nigerian-centric rather than pan-African, which she feels undermines its name and purpose. Advance agreed and explained that while people from other regions in Africa do exist in the ecosystem, many are more active elsewhere, often because better funding and opportunities attract them. He suggested low-cost initiatives like virtual meetups or collaborations to bring a more continental balance back. Duke expanded on this, acknowledging the reality that without strong funding, participation is hard to sustain. He emphasized that Nigerians naturally dominate because of numbers and adoption rates, but if real funding were available, people from all over Africa would join in droves. He also noted that while ideas aren’t lacking, the resources to execute them are.




AOB: AOB: As the conversation wound down, Sucre proposed a practical step: everyone should come to the next meeting with two affordable project ideas. Duke backed this, saying ideas should also be collected in advance, either in a shared document or group chat, so they can be refined before the meeting. UknowZork stepped in and offered to help scout and gather ideas. There was also some back-and-forth about absent members. Should they be expected to contribute ideas too? In the end, the group decided yes: those present would bring two, while at least one should be collected from those not in attendance. The emphasis was on persistence in following up, since getting people to actually submit can be a challenge. The meeting wrapped up on a lighter note, with a few jokes and encouragement shared. Even though the group was smaller than usual, everyone agreed it had been productive and left feeling that, with a pool of new project ideas, the African Guild could keep moving forward despite the constraints.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] UknowZork to reach out to the rest of the guild to brainstorm plans for the next quarter. [**assignee**] UKnowZork [**due**] 19 August 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Uknowzork to ask each member to submit at least 2–3 ideas for potential initiatives. [**assignee**] UKnowZork [**due**] 15 August 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Deep Funding, Cardono, FET, Hackathon, Multilingual Literacy, Marketing Guild, LatAm, AGIX rate
- **emotions:** Interesting, Insightful, welcoming, progressive, relaxed, collaborative, foward looking

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], LordKizzy, UKnowZork, CollyPride, osmium, martinsoki, PeterE, Alfred Itodele, guillermolucero, Jeffrey Ndarake, John Zaks, Santos
- **Purpose:** AI Sandbox/ Think Tank #39
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Proposal: Multi‑Agent Integration Platform](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SILr7Qi1k2eqR6udJsA8THGPL5Zt7_IuWOucOWYDxZI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.yixoixdst2pt)
  - [Masumi Secure Agent-To-Agent Network](https://www.masumi.network/)
  - [SingularityNET Ambassadors R&D Guild](https://dorahacks.io/org/snet-ap-rd-guild)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- The team spent the call walking through a proposal led by Tevo for the "Cardano Use Cases: Concepts" category of next Catalsy funding round, to build a platform over 12 months, with quarterly milestones, full documentation, demo videos, and integration into the Cardano mainnet. Colleen shared her screen and went through the details of everything from Estonian translations in the materials, to how transactions and APIs would work, and an interesting “reverse gas model” where end users pay the fees.
- We noted that this 12-month Catalyst proposal is not being submitted to the forthcoming hackathon. The hackathon will require a quick, working prototype in just a few days, and the team plans to use it as a way to build components, test ideas, and strengthen collaboration — lessons that will help shape a feasible strategy if the Catalyst proposal gets funded. 

Peter highlighted the need to keep the hackathon work small-scale, while Colleen outlined how the platform would simplify cross-chain agent integration, and Vasu filled in technical background on embeddings, vector stores, and ICP infrastructure. Guillermo suggested treating the hackathon as a focused, simple MVP effort and brought up the Masumi project as a Cardano-based example to learn from.
- We discussed whether to keep ICP integration just for the hackathon or build it into the bigger plan, and touched on polishing the proposal’s wording. Colleen admitted she probably couldn’t take on development work for the hackathon this time because of technical setup challenges, though she still liked the ICP idea for the future.
- Toward the end, the conversation shifted to a planned “think tank” session with four discussion topics, ideas for connecting it to AI ethics work, and possibly putting together an RFP to fund AI experts. 

#### Decision Items:
- The group agreed that the 12-month Catalyst proposal is too large for the hackathon and should be split into two separate proposals, a small, simple MVP for the hackathon and a more ambitious version for Catalyst.
  - [**rationale**] The 12-month proposal is too large for the hackathon’s short timeline and could breach funding rules, so splitting it allows a small MVP for the hackathon and reserves the full plan for Catalyst.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Hackathon, Catalyst, ICP infrastructure, Cross chain agent integration
- **emotions:**  informative,  insightful,  forward-looking, Ideating, Productive
## Friday 15th August 2025


### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, Eric Davies, esewilliams, kenichi, LordKizzy, Jeffrey Ndarake, CJFrankie, PeterE, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: Ayo opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming attendees and sharing the agenda for discussion. The group reviewed action items from the previous meeting.
- Update on Podcast Initiative:
CJ Frankie shared that the first episode is almost finished and has received positive feedback from potential speakers. Ayo called for clear roles and fair reward distribution, mentioning that CJ Frankie wasn’t in the right position to update on those details. Lordkizzy stressed the need for a rollout plan and timeline ahead of the quarterly report deadline, and Ese urged that the rollout be planned within two weeks. Lordkizzy suggested adding himself and Ese to the groups to help manage timelines and send regular reminders for meeting quarterly deliverables.
- Update on Scavenger Hunt:
Eric Davies reported that the scavenger hunt bot has been developed and integrated with the Discord channel. Graphic designs by Gorga have been completed and sent to Mikasa for awareness posts. The scavenger hunt is set to launch by next week Wednesday. Lordkizzy suggested adding himself and Ese to the groups to help manage timelines and send regular reminders for meeting quarterly deliverables. Ese noted that while the timeline document has been shared, roles and allocations are yet to be included. Eric confirmed he would share a complete version covering those details.
- Discussion on Extra Activities Allocation:
Gorga expressed concern over the unpaid extra activities for July, which sparked a conversation about the revised payment approach. Lordkizzy explained that the former $10/hour rate has been phased out, with the guild moving toward a fixed allocation system. To address the gap, Ayo recommended a proportional payment based on the previous rate, and the group recognized the importance of reviewing time invested against the deliverables achieved. Lordkizzy explained that extra activities are reviewed during calls before payment is made, using the example of a community spotlight initiative.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to copy the document and resolve the comments on the governance documents and share them with the group for final acceptance by next week. [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 29 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to have a call with Ayo to resolve the enduring action item in the summary note. [**assignee**] CJFrankie, Ayo [**due**] 29 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kenichi to send documentation regarding the podcast initiative's team breakdown and allocation distribution. [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 29 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ese Williams to follow up with Mikasa to ensure that the necessary posts are made for the upcoming announcement. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 29 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to devise two to three possible outcomes for the extra activities payment structure and present them in the next call. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 29 August 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Podcast Intiative, Scavenger Hunt Team Update, Extra Activities Allocation
- **emotions:**  informative, Casual, Peacefull

### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Zalfred [**documenter**], LordKizzy, Zalfred, hogantuso, osmium, Slate, Malik, killy, SubZero, devon, shan, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** The meeting focused on Discussing SEO Best Practices, Discussing the Video Work Group Activities, Monthly Meeting and Task/Role Assignments
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- UPDATE FROM THE TASK MANAGER
Malik gave a quick run down of the task assigned within the month. Stating that two videos are currently in the review process. However, he called out to Sub-Zero, inquiring about pending Town Hall videos as they’re high priority Videos.
- UPDATE FROM THE SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER
Andrew gave a detailed update on the social media activities Highlighting that most videos have been posted out. He pointed out that we’ve got more shorts than long videos.
Now, Addressing the issues of lagging In a couple post, Andrew hit the nail on the head, stating that the issues with large files and video formats gave him quite a tough time to upload a couple videos. Additionally, He Highlighted that the task became more data consuming and the allocations could barely measure up with the work load now. He tendered his plea for increased allocation.


- UPDATE FROM LORD KIZZY
Update from Lord kizzy, Addressing the current state of the KPI sheets and Pending contents. He emphasized that the KPI should be accurately structured as the Consent process approaches.
- SEO BEST PRACTICES PRESENTATION BY LORD KIZZY
A long Presentation By Lord Kizzy addressing crucial and necessary steps to enhance and improve the Video work group functionality, performances, Visibility, Audience engagement and our contents in general. The presentation covered a vast portion of the work group operations.  
Some of the vast areas covered were : Profile Optimization, Content SEO and Engagement, Search Visibility, Links and Cross-promotions, Analysis and Performance, Brand Voice and Visuals, Recommendation and priority, Pattern and Exclusive Analysis.


- PRESENTATION BY OSMIUM
Presentation By Osmium around adopting Data Driven SEO Optimization Strategy and Hashtags and Keywords Performances to enhance our views across our social media Platforms.
- ADDRESSING THE ISSUE OF LARGE VIDEO FORMATS
Answering to that, Lordkizzy cautioned that the editors of the TH videos would have to compress the TH edits in order to reduce the actual File size and data cost to download and upload these videos. Same goes to long video editors as well. Due to the budget constrain, the plea on increased allocations was declined.
- DELIBRATIONS ON AUDIENCE ENGANGE ALTERNATIVES
Deliberations on logical and effective strategies to Amplify our social media presence. First step, Suggestions around the Need to create a Discord Chanel that will the contain the links to recent contents and a call out to the Community to check it out and engage. Secondly, discussions and suggestions about using the Kaito and other platforms.
secondly, Following  series of presentations and forward thinking, The social media Manager will would have to work abreast with Lord kizzy in the coming months to execute SEO best practices as presented in the meeting.

#### Decision Items:
- Andrew Ben's Plea for extra Allocation was declined
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided to try out Kaito Yaps and other platforms to enhance our social media visibility

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Social Media manager To work abreast with Lord kizzy in the coming months to execute SEO best practices as presented in the meeting. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Video editors of the TH videos would have to compress the TH edits in order to reduce the actual File size and data cost to download and upload these videos. same goes for the long format Videos. [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Andrew ben To Review Pending Contents and Update the KPI sheet Properly [**assignee**] AndrewBen [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord kizzy To reach out to Sub-Zero concerning Pending Videos [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Task Manager Role [**assignee**] SubZero [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Town Hall Video Edit [**assignee**] Malik [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Meeting Summary [**assignee**] hogantuso [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:**  #WorkgroupPresentations, Engagement and Reputation Systems, Public engagement, video file sizes
- **emotions:**  Collaborative,  Need for Clarity  ,  forward-thinking,  insightful,  informative