---
description: Mon 4th Aug - Sun 10th Aug 2025
---

# Week 32

## Monday 4th August 2025

### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], Clement Umoh, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, PeterE, Alfred Itodele, CollyPride, advanceameyaw, barnabas, AshleyDawn, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** Monthly Meeting of the AI Ethics Workgroup
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup Github Board](https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues)
  - [AI Ethics WG Interview Training slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1tIbACuTHo-xKqF2gkAEn3CbqOC2YkwBVpqvUdOkxqzU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Transcription Training AI Ethics WG slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1VhssQ6qJ2gAwMCBNJSUSLbg25Z_eci5iElm-g40OpWo/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Narrative:
Task Review: "In Progress" tasks on the Github board were reviewed. 

Transcription tasks: these were all completed by the due date at the end of July

Co-Chair (Vani):  Vani has been reorganising the folder structure on the BGI Nexus drive where interview material and transcripts are stored. Esther and Vani are discussing whether to retain or delete the original (non-anonymised) recordings - likely they will be deleted to avoid accidentally sharing them. Once all this Quarter's interviews are done, Vani will be verifying interview validity and sending the tasks for payment.

WG Internal Management (Sucre n Spice): Sucre's work is progressing well for this Quarter; she has somewhat less to do than in previous Quarters due to lower token price, the Workgroup has fewer paid tasks that need processing. 

WG Async Work Support (Love): Work is going as planned; no blockers. 

Transcript checking (Vani): in progress; no blockers, although checking ranscripts is always quite slow work.

Interviews: Deadline for Q3 interviews is 8th August. If any interview is not done by then, tbe budget for it will either be reassigned to someone else, or returned to the pot. The assignees are Clement(2x), Grandi(2x), UknowZork(2x), Rems, and Jeffrey.
The validity criteria will be similar to previous quarters, but with a slight tweak to the thresholds for part-paying interviews that are too short.

Conferences & Events: Nothing concrete yet about any potential involvement in the BGI-25 conference in October 2025 in Istanbul. Vani will meet with Esther later this month to discuss. 

We discussed how to manage payments given the current low token price - see "Decisions" below.



#### Decision Items:
- AI Ethics MOOC Study Group: We decided not to proceed
  - [**rationale**] we realized that nobody currently has time to take part in a course so we agreed to revisit the idea in our September meeting.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The timing for task payments will be dependent on token price
  - [**rationale**] The WG will maintain its financial decision of no task payout during the Quarter if the token price is below the price at which the budget was calculated (Q3 2025 was calculated at 1 AGIX = $0.30)

If the token price stays below $0.30 for the whole Quarter, then at the end of the Quarter, priority fr payments will be given to "output-based" tasks done by members, rather than admin roles - so the admin team will "take the hit".

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to meet with Esther and Haley about the Workgroup's potential involvement in the BGI-25 conference in October [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 11 August 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI Ethics MOOC Study group, Interview Transcription, Interviews, Budget Management , Events, BGI-25 conference, low token price
- **emotions:** Brief, Deliberative


## Wednesday 6th August 2025

### Archives Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Stephen [QADAO] [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], PeterE, Alfred Itodele, Tevo
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Q3 2025 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GitHub Issue for this meeting](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/275)

#### Decision Items:
- As token price remains low, we still won't submit any pending Q1 tasks at the moment; although we might rethink and pay anyway in September
  - [**rationale**] The Q1 budget was calculated at $0.55 so we're not there yet
  - [**opposing**] but we shouldn't leave tasks unpaid for too long, despite token price
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- On the monthly archives GitBook issues: summaries are still being submitted without any chasing, so the Archives are fairly complete for August; although as previouly noted, there are fewer meetings happening in general.

There is also a continuing pain point with finding time to do Town Hall summaries.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- In July, Stephen and Vani's focus (see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/274) has been on developing learning resources and community engagement around how to use Neo4.j Aura, and rule-based auditing of its outputs. However, we have begin to think about whether there could be a more open-source approach than relying on proprietary tooling such as Neo4j
  - [**rationale**] using proprietary colsed-source tooling is not in line with the ethos of the Archives project
- Q3 quarterly report and Q4 budget are likely to be due on 8th Sept September. Vani has started draft versions, and we will sign them off in the September meeting (Sept 3rd). 

We are likely to need to work with quite a low budget, and will need to take money from reserves to cover work on the summary tool redesign. We might have to choose whether to prioritise graph work or summary tool.


  - [**rationale**] because the agreed exchnage rate for Q4 may be even lower than $0.30, so we are unlikely to have money for anything beyond core activities.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] A member of DF Events Circle, Abdulbasit, has taken on documentation of DF Town Hall - Vani gave a walkthru/training session and he's planning to start with the next TH meeting.
 [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 29 August 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Stephen to post in the Archives Discord channel to say that our graph development repo has been moved to the sNET GitHub organization, and to encourage people to have a look

And he will attend the next Town Hall to say this and say a bit about what we are doing this Quarter. [**assignee**] Stephen [QADAO] [**due**] 15 July 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Vani has contacted AI Sandbox/Think Tank, and yes, they will  host a workshop on our graph work towards the end of September - exact date to be confirmed [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI ethics, rule-based auditing, Deepfunding Town Hall, token price, Neo4j, Ambassador Program calendar, community engagement, q4 2025 budget, open source tooling, Knowledge Graph, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem
- **emotions:** interesting, short,  forward-looking