---
description: Mon 28th Jul - Sun 3rd Aug 2025
---

# Week 31

## Friday 1st August 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, Mikasa, advanceameyaw, Eric Davies, esewilliams, kenichi, LordKizzy, Alfred Itodele, Jeffrey Ndarake, Kateri, osmium
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: Ayo opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming attendees and sharing the agenda for discussion. The group reviewed action items from the previous meeting.
- Update on Podcast Initiative:
Kenichi outlined the strategy for scheduling three podcast recording sessions over the next three weeks using Riverside, emphasizing the importance of confirming dates with project participants.
- Scavenger Hunt Team Update:
Eric Davies reported that the scavenger hunt team has streamlined to four members and established clear roles for each participant. They are preparing to begin bot wrangling to customize Discord bots essential for the scavenger hunt. Additionally, there is potential for collaboration with the Video Workgroup regarding an engagement bot that tracks content and features a leaderboard. Ese Williams proposed launching the campaign in August to prevent delays and suggested shortening the deliverables timeline from six to four weeks. Eric Davies noted the schedule depends on the bot’s readiness. Ese also requested clear metrics for tracking progress.
- Group Composition Concerns:
Jeffrey noted that two groups lack new members, highlighting that this limits diversity and progress. He suggested including fresh participants for better balance.
- Membership Challenges in Marketing Guild:
The Marketing Guild has a large number of active contributors but is struggling with a budget that has decreased significantly since its inception, as highlighted during the meeting. The current budget of around 3,000 USD per quarter is insufficient to support new members, leading to concerns about existing members feeling underpaid. It was confirmed that this budget issue is a key reason for the inability to recruit more members.
- Discussion on Zealy:
Ayo informed the group about a session on Zealy set for August 7th, aimed at addressing ongoing concerns about its purpose and value. Advance emphasized the need for a few members to attend Governance call, while Kenichi confirmed he would represent the Writers Workgroup and also marketing guild to discuss the benefits of Zealy.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Advanceameyaw to provide updates on the Afro multilingual literacy drive next meeting. [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 15 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to copy the document and resolve the comments on the governance documents and share them with the group for final acceptance by next week. [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 15 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to have a call with Ayo to resolve the enduring action item in the summary note. [**assignee**] CJFrankie, Ayo [**due**] 15 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kenichi to send documentation regarding the podcast initiative's team breakdown and allocation distribution. [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 15 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Eric Davies to reduce scavenger hunt timeline from 6 weeks to 4 weeks and also to  [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Podcast Intiative, Scavenger Hunt Team Update, New members,  Zealy sprints 
- **emotions:** Peacefull,  Collaborative,  Understanding.  


## Saturday 2nd August 2025

### Gamers Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], devon [**documenter**], LordKizzy, Alfred Itodele, Onfroy, osmium, rebel, martinsoki, AndrewBen, Slate
- **Purpose:** To present updates on ongoing initiatives, showcase JamGalaxy’s service integration in Roblox and discuss three major new project ideas for guild collaboration.
- **Media link:** [Link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/157j94hXzUnRg_w2PwIEFgsQeNog1uBV-?usp=sharing)
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate presented a live demo of the JamGalaxy AI Synthesizer, explaining how the team overcame Roblox API restrictions by saving generated music files in Google Drive and then accessing them in-game. The demo included gameplay that allowed players to interact with and be scored on their generated music, while also displaying JamGalaxy’s branding and linking to the SingularityNET Marketplace. This was shared as a model of how third-party services can be embedded into Guild experiences.
- The AI Comics proposal, introduced by Slate, focused on creating visual story-driven comics to explain complex SNET concepts such as reputation systems, decentralized identity, or governance in an engaging way. Osmium contributed ideas based on past collaboration with Mindplex, emphasizing the potential of AI comic tools and referring to “Desdemona’s Dream” as a successful example of narrative-rich, visually appealing work. The group debated different tools like Canva versus custom animation or illustration styles and agreed that a prototype would strengthen a future RFP submission.
- In discussing the Gamified Portal, Slate shared a functioning prototype created using Google App Script, showing how tools and quests could be linked to XP systems and user progress. Kizzy raised concerns about email-based login due to privacy issues and recommended using Discord authentication instead. Osmium offered gamified UI templates and encouraged a shift to React or other modern platforms. Members supported using the system not only for tool promotion but also for educational training.
- The third idea was the Visual Glossary, an educational tool similar to W3Schools, where users could interactively explore terms and concepts related to the Ambassador Program. Slate explained that this glossary would include visual demonstrations for each term and potentially interactive simulations. However, Kizzy and Osmium expressed that this initiative might be better aligned with the Onboarding or R&D Guilds due to its educational nature. A debate emerged on whether the glossary could be considered truly “gamified,” and while Slate defended its interactive and visual elements as qualifying, Osmimum felt it lacked the core game mechanics like scoring or progression. Ultimately, it was agreed that this project could originate from Gamers Guild but should be executed in collaboration with R&D, AI sandbox, or Onboarding WG to ensure proper alignment and access to technical resources.
- Rebel showed recent work on the R&D Guild department in-game, including new logos and UI elements. However, issues remained with unanchored models, a non-functional narrator tool, and confusion over the intended purpose of the "social media" room. Kizzy clarified that what was labeled as a “social media room” was actually meant to showcase a social media automation tool, not social platforms themselves, and suggested correcting the naming. There was also a recommendation to replace the “Entity Connection” room with content from the Governance Dashboard.
- Slate confirmed that asset creation was open again and requested that Kizzy and others mentor new members. They will be assigned departments and guided through tasks like animation. The team discussed available departments (e.g., Sandbox, Regional Communities) for upcoming map development and agreed to form a dedicated mentorship group to support new contributors effectively.
- There was discussion about returning to biweekly meetings instead of monthly ones. Rebel noted that monthly cycles slowed momentum and delayed progress updates. Everyone agreed that biweekly meetings would help maintain a better rhythm and ensure faster iteration across projects.

#### Decision Items:
- The Guild agreed to restart asset creation for August.
- The meetings will shift back to biweekly
  - [**rationale**] to ensure more consistent feedback and to accelerate project development.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] asset creation [**assignee**] open to members [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Map Creation  [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, Kateri [**due**] 16 August 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Game Rules:
no games played 


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Jam Galaxy, AI synthesizer, mentorship, AI comics, Gamified Portal, visual glossary, meeting frequency
- **emotions:**  Collaborative,  informative, Collaboration