---
description: Mon 1st Dec - Sun 7th Dec 2025
---

# Week 49

## Monday 1st December 2025

### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], UKnowZork, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, UKnowZork, PeterE, CollyPride, Alfred Itodele, Jeffrey Ndarake, esewilliams, Gorga Siagian, LadyTempestt, Rems
- **Purpose:** Monthly meeting of the AI-Ethics Workgroup
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI Ethics WorkGroup Github board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2)
  - [AI Ethics Q4 2025 workgroup report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12N-nSKCE-tfjvjqPH1q3BLIawI9V8WdOQJ_BuVqAiBo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program restructure: collated responses](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iGzJoi1bLJvMAd59vmx_NL1kQkUXcLri-BFkZK-NcJU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [How would YOU restructure the Ambassador Program?](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fwCGlTls_bHBJ46ejF9wXZXOCfB7eEnmZeAhSbP9axQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
#### End Of Year Report
The Program's end-of-year report for 2025 will be drawn from WGs’ mini Q4 impact statements; we reviewed our WG's report in the Governance dashboard.
Colleen suggested adding a note about the  MOOC study group on AI ethics being pushed to January, and Vani agreed pending the fixes to the Governance Dashboard editor (at present, in order to make an edit, you have to re-input the entire report).


#### Ambassador Programme Restructure
Vani updated the group on the planned restructuring of the Ambassador Program, as discussed in the workgroup sync call earlier today. Governance WG is collecting community input via two open documents:
One with structured prompts https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iGzJoi1bLJvMAd59vmx_NL1kQkUXcLri-BFkZK-NcJU/edit?usp=sharing
One fully open for any redesign ideas (small improvements or radical proposals) https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fwCGlTls_bHBJ46ejF9wXZXOCfB7eEnmZeAhSbP9axQ/edit?usp=sharing

We discussed ideas for the restructure from the perspective of this WG.

Colleen suggested increasing support for builders, possibly combining R&D and AI Sandbox/Think Tank to focus on that, and developing a structured onboarding process for new builders. 

Peter pointed out that we have "builder-related" focus in several WGs - while it's good for different groups to be building, there might be overlaps that could be brought together. 

Vani suggested a more quarter-by-quarter, project-based approach for WGs to define what they are building each Quarter so we can see where the overlaps are, but we wouldn't necessarily want them to merge - the diversity of approach have been useful so far. On the question of *what* we build - she suggested we should focus on using the ASI tech stack, and on building a) governance tools for decentralised communities, and b) building governance and ethical processes and methodologies, and embedding AI ethics and decentralised governance into what we build, because governance is one of our strengths. Similar to the approach LatAm are already using - they build on the ASI tech stack, then they promote and publicise what they built; "ambassadorship" means promoting use of sNET's technology.

We discussed how our ethics discussions might overlap with Sandbox/Think Tank

Should this workgroup's main activity continue to be supporting the BGI Nexus research project? Or are there other things we should do? If the focus of the Ambassador Program shifts more towards building, how do we ensure ethical considerations are embedded in that? and engage more directly with builders and asking "What are the ethical issues raised by what you are building?"
Colleen would like to continue faciliating community discussions on ethics, as she has done before, but (based on dicussions with Dr Mihaela Ulieru) with more of a focus on baking in foundational principles for builders and developers, and living, dynamic moral generator functions.

We could also work to inform and educate the general public on what this technology can do, and what the social and ethical implications of it are. Insights from interviewing can feed into this crystallising of ethical and social meaning of the technology - 2 way process of sense-making - the public tells us how they see the technology, and we tell them how we see it? 

Vani and Esther have discussed the idea of this WG moving some of its function away from the Ambassador Program, and at least partly being more directly part of BGI -Nexus, and funded by them. It's not out of the question, and could have some advantages, but a) it would be heavily dependent on token price as to whether BGI Nexus could afford it, and b) it might affect our independence/autonomy if we were completely part of BGI Nexus? It would be good to retain some kind of ethics WG in the program.

Another possibility that has been discussed in the past could be a direct funding pipeline from BGI Nexus for small ethics-related projects.


#### Interview coding session
The training session on interview coding that was planned for December 3rd has been rescheduled to January because Esther is very busy at the moment.


#### BGI-25 Virtual Unconference progress: 
Treasury has already sent out payments! Much speedier than payments for previous work funded direct from the Foundation - thanks to Esther and Peter for their work on expediting it

The short videos prepared by Video WG from the BGI sessions will be uploaded to SNET's YouTube, and the full-length videos of the breakout rooms will be on the Ambassador Program YouTube channel. Esther and Vani plan to meet on hursday with Pam from the Foundation's marketing team to organise this; and Peter will be able to help with ensuring material is shared.


#### Task updates
We reviewed the transcription and interview tasks on the Github board:
Several tasks, particularly transcription, are uncompleted - people elected not to complete them because, after our decision last month to calculate task prices in AGIX, the pay for the task is so much lower than it was due to low token price. Alfred shared (with humor) that his transcription almost defeated him, but guilt wouldn’t let him quit, and he will finish them later today.
We agreed that any task not wrapped up by tomorrow will shift into Q1 2026, provided it still fits the project's planned work.
Vani's pending transcript-checking tasks, especially for last Quarter, are still pending because there isn't the money to pay them so they aren't a priority - but she will aim to complete them as soon as possible.


#### Budget & payments
Payments for those who wanted to be paid immediately on task completion have already been processed. Those who opted to be paid at the end of the Quarter will be paid this Thursday (final Treasury payment day).

Going into Q1, we agreed that we will continue calculating task prices in AGIX, to avoid the need for constant budget-fitting and rethinking while token price is so volatile. We acknowledged that this is not ideal, as it shifts the burden/risk of token price fluctuations to the individual rather than the Program; but with price so low at present (around $0.09) there's no alternative.


#### Priorities and budget for Q1 2026
There is no biudget consent process for Q1, to keep admin overheads down at a time of very low token price. So we will have the same budget cap as this Quarter, and the admin team will see how things are in January and decide how much work we can afford to do. But today, we discussed what the prioroties should be in Q1.

Love noted that we should focus on clearing the transcription backlog instead of doing more interviewing, so that we have more completed interview material that can be coded and analysed. Everyone agreed that this was the most realistic direction.

Alfred raised that transcription is difficult and currently undercompensated, and takes far longer than expected. We all acknowledged that payment for ttranscription needs to be higher in Q1, despite low token price.

Zork suggested adjusting payments to track the token price, but Vani noted fairness concerns that if people are doing the same work, they may end up being paid differently depending on timing


#### Kickoff session for BGI Nexus Working Groups
Peter reminded everyone that the first BGI-Nexus working groups session will take place tomorrow, 2nd December, and is open to all. This is the start of BGI Nexus's project to create open working groups to progress their work on various aspects of AI ethics, governance and safety. There will be breakout rooms on:
- AGI for Human Flourishing / Nurturing & Governing AGI
- The Consciousness Revolution
- Proactionary vs Precautionary Approaches to AGI



#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to focus on transcription in Q1 2026
  - [**rationale**] because unfinished transcripts from previous quarters are piling up and slowing down our research workflow. Clearing the backlog means we can move to focusing on coding and analysis of the completed and transcribed interviews.
- Incomplete Q4 transcription and transcript checking tasks will roll over into Q1. Uncompleted interview tasks - it will depend on whether we have budget to do any nrew interviewing in Q1.
- Tasks will continue to be priced in AGIX for Q1 due to the drop in token price.
  - [**rationale**] to avoid the constant recalculation and budget fitting that is nbeeded if we price tasks iun USD and then toekn price changes.
- We agreed that the current price for transcription tasks is too low. While we probably cannot afford to match the price of $35 we have used in previous Quarters, it should be higher in Q1 than it is now.
  - [**rationale**] Because transcription is a time-consuming task, and the current low price is making it hardly worth it for people to do.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to update the end of the year report on the dashboard once it gets fixed. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 16 December 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] All members contribute to governance restructure documents. [**assignee**] all [**due**] 16 December 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Vani, Esther and Peter to coordinate with Pam’s team on BGI video publishing. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron, EstherG, PeterE [**due**] 4 December 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] WG Admin team to come to the January 2026 meeting with a suggestion on how we wil;l spend Q1 budget, and to price transcription a bit higher [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt [**due**] 12 January 2026 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** MOOC study group, interview transcription, interviews, Q4 2025 quarterly report, transcription backlog, low token price, AGIX budgeting, Ambassador Program restructure, BGI Nexus, BGI Nexus working groups, Governance Dashboard, BGI-25 Virtual Unconference, Q1 2026 priorities, builders, builder onboarding, developer support, ASI stack, decentralized governance tooling, governance methodologies, embedding AI ethics, ambassadorship, LatAm Guild, Dr Mihaela Ulieru
- **emotions:** collaborative, deliberative, forward-looking., wide-ranging


## Tuesday 2nd December 2025

### Ambassador Town Hall

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], NA, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], Maxmilez, CollyPride, guillermolucero, PeterE, sharmila
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- **Town Hall Number:** 172
- **Working Docs:**


#### Timestamped video:
The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 18:00 UTC.

[00:00](undefined\&t=0s) Intro & Bgi Working Group Reflections
[00:50](undefined\&t=50s) Personal Updates - House Move
[03:17](undefined\&t=197s) Colleen Joins & Bgi Kickoff
[05:15](undefined\&t=315s) Bgi Session Takeaways
[08:08](undefined\&t=488s) Town Hall Attendance & Yoxi Project Update
[13:31](undefined\&t=811s) Official Announcements & Sophiaverse
[16:54](undefined\&t=1014s) Devconnect Recap & Web3 Insights
[23:29](undefined\&t=1409s) Future Of Town Halls & Governance
[29:25](undefined\&t=1765s) Funding & Deepfunding News
[34:27](undefined\&t=2067s) Closing Remarks & Next Meetings

#### Town Hall Summary:
Peter reflected on his experience at the recent BGI Nexus working group session and expressed a desire for further informal discussions in future gatherings. 

Colleen shared updates on the Yoxi tool, which aims to understand human emotions, and her efforts to involve Sophia the Robot in the project, while also onboarding Anshar Sarafat and Delphi to enhance their capabilities. Concerns were raised about the unpredictability of using Sophia in political contexts, given the control exerted by David Hanson.

Guillermo provided insights from the recent Ethereum DevConnect event in Buenos Aires https://devconnect.org/ , emphasising the significance of the x402 protocol for internet-native payments https://www.x402.org/ 

Recent Town Hall attendance has been low - should its structure or timing be changed? Does it need a more definite agenda? 

Colleen stressed the importance of current Governance Workgroup discussions, while Peter highlighted the necessity of supporting the BGI initiative alongside their projects. 

Finalists in the current Deepfunding RFP ideation process have been announced.


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** BGI Nexus, DeepFunding, RFP round, Sophia the robot, DevConnect, x402 protocol
- **emotions:** low attendance, quiet, short, chatty


## Thursday 4th December 2025



### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], guillermolucero, CallyFromAuron, Tevo, PeterE, Esther Galfalvi, Alfred Itodele, Jeffrey Ndarake, kenichi, Leandro Gavidi
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions
- **Working Docs:**
  - [MeTTa Coder Lab drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yUE7TQSRzE6BUyOUh41mHQGb_WmZhyEb)
  - [Nunet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwU_T2iANX63x3AYyofSb3s2cjp8SPZhMeoK60MTD8nSiIbA/viewform)
  - [Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16Rp5FqkRkBAxEc362uusDkXA23kCBS8o4yXeZYYtmsI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ccgsnlbc8s9h)
  - [Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15dJCh1k8_MR39HS5MaQynf6hTho80rUO1XNZAtifgI0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pJRfpdySCsvkjsMnWpDoeAMVpRJQQxJgTdJJWFj3ioc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs,  Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access, Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program,  AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. 

- Deployment of an AI agent for the BNB hack and ongoing proposals for Cudos
- AOB Open discussions: Operations moving forward,
identify and establish priorities,
New proposals system redesign,
Onboarding Devs

#### Discussion Points:
- AI Tool Development and Collaboration Strategies
Guillermo discussed the roadmap for developing AI tools using the ASI stack, emphasizing the need for collaboration and resource sharing within the ecosystem. They highlighted the importance of cognitive capacities and ethical considerations in defining the AI's personality. The conversation also touched on the necessity of organizing ideas and prioritizing tasks to build a comprehensive framework for AI assistance.

- Data Integration and AI Assistant Development
Tevo Kask and Guillermo focused on the integration of data sources into a machine-readable format for the AI assistant. They highlighted the need for contextual training to ensure the AI can effectively assist with governance decisions within the Ambassador Program. Esther Galfalvi raised questions about the expected interactions with the AI assistant, while Vani pointed out the necessity of including relevant historical context to improve decision-making.
Guillermo highlighted their significant usage of the AI assistant, with nearly a thousand interactions recorded since its launch. Vani questioned the method of counting these interactions, seeking clarity on whether they referred to individual chats or posts. The discussion also touched on the importance of having a disclaimer for deeper analysis of the AI assistant's conversations.

- 
Data Privacy and Ethics Discussion
Esther and Vani engaged in a discussion about the implications of data privacy and consent in their community. Vani argued that the focus should be on data privacy rather than AI ethics, expressing concerns about the potential for misuse of data. Guillermo recognized the importance of establishing a clear consent process and the need for transparency regarding data usage, while also noting the difficulties in managing individual consent in a small community. Guillermo highlighted the benefits of increased transparency in their reporting processes, noting that visibility encourages better attention to detail and accountability. Vani questioned the distinction between past and current reporting practices, suggesting that visibility has always existed. Esther proposed that the formalization of reports might enhance their perceived immutability.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kenichi to share a visual presentation highlighting the progress updates on the R&D Channel [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy will follow up with the writers workgroup & marketing guild regarding the SEO training feedback.  [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] 
Lordkizzy will reach out to the social media managers from both the video workgroup and writers workgroup to discuss the SEO audit report and necessary changes [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Guillermo to share the summary of the BNB hackaton deployment on the Ambassadors General channel. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to create a document for community discussion regarding the foundational prompt for the AI agent. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Guillermo will follow up with Rems to set up a call regarding the UI design and integration. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Proposals, Governance Dashboard, Status update, AI Agent, Hackathon
- **emotions:**  Understanding.,  Satisfaction , Lengthy

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Kateri, CollyPride, LordKizzy, CallyFromAuron, UKnowZork, Gorga Siagian, osmium, martinsoki
- **Purpose:** Regular biweekly meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Presentation Template](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGTr2f8gW8/YWrjpheKKdAoifI9pjrbsQ/view?utm_content=DAGTr2f8gW8&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=editor)
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK agenda #49](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fNp_xoLVJdQXPbEf3EbNo8Goe9Qo43QXFg3zFkWADHc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Introduction and welcome:
The meeting began with a warm welcome, followed by Vasu leading a continuation of the previous agenda. 

There is no budget consent process this Quarter, but a minimal Q4 2025 report is due on Monday. Vasu indicated that the report is prepared and he presented it to gather feedback. The importance of timely task completion was emphasized, with the possibility of a follow-up call if necessary.
- AI Sandbox Retrospective and Future Planning:
Vasu gave a retrospecive of the year, and outlined the evolution of AI Sandbox from moderation to active participation, emphasizing the increased engagement in Q1 and Q2 2025. New initiatives, such as expert-led workshops and project showcases, contributed to a revitalized approach. However, he acknowledged difficulties in Q3, particularly related to token price issues.
- Updates on Decentralized Autonomous Communities and Emotion Comprehension App:
Colleen Pridemore announced the release of her roadmap for Decentralized Autonomous Communities on ASI Cloud's Discord. She is also working on an app named Yaxi that aims to improve human emotion comprehension. This app utilizes technology called SuperLibreX, which has military origins. Colleen is collaborating with a team, including Delphi from R&D Guild, to develop a meta DSL for the project.
- Updates on Hyperon and Zarqa Projects:

Vasu discussed the development of Zarqa https://singularitynet.io/ecosystem/zarqa-2/, a next-generation language model and one of sNET's spinoff projects, and referenced an infographic that illustrates its past structure. Colleen and Vasu discussed the Zarqa project, its past inactivity and recent progress, and its relationship to other technologies like OpenCog.  Colleen mentioned her previous writings on Zarqa and its presentation at a Millennium Project event.

Vssu informed Colleen about the release of the Hyperon paper, which they both found exciting. 
- Ethos Guard AI:

Colleen asked about Vasu's work on EthosGuard AI, which he acknowledged, noting that while it has a knowledge graph, it is designed to be simpler and more financially feasible. The conversation also touched on the integration with AGI and plans for future submissions.
- Discord bot agent initiatives:

Colleen asked if any WG currently has plans for AI Discord bots or agents. Vani responded that Archives has been working on one for querying the Archive, based on their Graph-RAG work; but noted that other priorities might delay progress. 
- Call for papers on AI Agents and governance:

Vani shared information about a call for papers from the journal AI and Ethics on "AI Agents: Ethics, Safety, and Governance", which would be relevant for this WG. Deadline for submissions: 31st May 2026. See https://link.springer.com/collections/igcjhjiaeg 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Osmium to submit the workgroup's Q4 2025 quarterly report on the Governance dashboard before Monday.
 [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 8 December 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Future Planning, Decentralized Autonomous Communities, AI Initiatives and Ethics, Q4 2025 quarterly report, Governance Dashboard, Zarqa, OpenCOG Hyperon, EthosGuard, AI agents, Discord bots, Archives WG, AI and emotion, AI And Ethics journal
- **emotions:** Educational,  Collaborative,  informative

### Onboarding Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Sucre n Spice, Ayomi Shuga, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, LordKizzy, PeterE, CallyFromAuron, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** Monthly meeting of the Onboarding Workgroup
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Draft Onboarding Workgroup Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x9Rwdujw6BnYHtqx5TAeoEo1HK4N2OyJUguDH2hNHwQ/edit?gid=1927081677#gid=1927081677)
  - [Onboarding Workgroup Github Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/9/views/2)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Review of outstanding Q4 action items 
- Meeting documentation and minutes
- Q4 2025 minimal reporting requirements
- AMA session video status and payments
- Draft Q1 2026 budget and AGIX-based payments.
- Current reserves and spending limits
- AMA plans for Q1 2026 and collaboration options

#### Decision Items:
- There is no budget coinsent process this Quarter. Reporting requirements are just a minimal Q4 2025 report via the governance dashboard, focusing on completed work, unfinished items, and a short impact statement.
- CJ Frankie was assigned to write the Q4 2025 report. If he does not confirm availability by the end of today, the task will be reassigned. Compensation will be reduced to reflect the reduced scope of work.

- All outstanding tasks related to the AMA session last month must be separately listed on the GitHub board to enable payment processing.
- For Q1 2026, our budget cap will remain the same as last Quarter. Since there is no biudget consent process this Quarter, the Focus Group will draft a budget for Q1 2926 in January and share it in the first meeting of the year

Due to AGIX price volatility, we agreed that tasks will be priced in AGIX.
- Given limited reserves, the group agreed to defer a final decision on hosting another AMA in Q1 2026 until January, after reviewing token prices, budget status, and ecosystem plans.
- The onboarders team will take responsibility for tracking and amplifying AMAs hosted by spin-offs, regardless of whether the workgroup hosts its own AMA.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Sucre to ensure all pending tasks from last month';s AMA session with Rejuve (documentation, facilitation, video editing, and remaining payments) are added to the GitHub board so that payment can be processed. [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice [**due**] 12 December 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to complete, upload, and share the AMA session video link, after which payment will be processed. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 12 December 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Gorga to include the finalized AMA video link in the Education Guild quarterly report once available.   [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 12 December 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Onboarders team to audit any forthcoming spin-off AMAs and improve communication to ambassadors about upcoming sessions. [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, LordKizzy, CJFrankie, LadyTempestt, CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice [**due**] 30 January 2026 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Documentation, budget, Q1 2026 planning, collaboration, Education Guild, focus group, onboarders team, AMA sessions, spin-offs, AGIX budgeting, Q4 2025 quarterly report
- **emotions:** Deliberative, forward-thinking


## Friday 5th December 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, Kateri
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: LordKizzy opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming members and outlined the agenda.
- New Initiatives and Guild Restructuring:
Lordkizzy outlined plans for restructuring the Guild, which will be based on attendance and deliverables. He introduced a quiz contest aimed at increasing community engagement and stated that the initiative should be launched soon, and Gorga agreed to assist with the graphics for the contest. Lordkizzy informed attendees that payments for November and December would be processed the following Thursday. The session concluded with plans to finalize the initiative and a farewell until the next year.

#### Decision Items:
- The team decided to create a new quiz contest initiative for this quarter or next 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Gorga Siagian to create the graphic for the quiz contest. [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 9 January 2026 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LordKizzy to speak to Ese to conclude on the quiz contest initiative for this quarter or next quarter. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 6 December 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to send out payments for November and December by next Thursday. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 11 December 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** quiz, restructure of Marketing Guild
- **emotions:**  Understanding.,  Collaborative, Businesslike.