---
description: Mon 8th Dec - Sun 14th Dec 2025
---

# Week 50

## Tuesday 9th December 2025

### Ambassador Town Hall

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], NA, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], Alfred Itodele, Malik, Mikasa, Slate, Tevo, CallyFromAuron, Ayomi Shuga, PeterE, CollyPride, guillermolucero
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- **Town Hall Number:** 173
- **Working Docs:**
  - [How would YOU restructure the Ambassador Program?](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fwCGlTls_bHBJ46ejF9wXZXOCfB7eEnmZeAhSbP9axQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program restructure: collated responses](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iGzJoi1bLJvMAd59vmx_NL1kQkUXcLri-BFkZK-NcJU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Sentiment session Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVJh1rXXQ=/)
  - [#01 - Gov-Dash Docu Video Series Script _ 091225](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i2dZkk8FykfVZ45ILeSRgC6zexqNW0g7d4fZVR3JPRU/edit?usp=sharing)


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 18:00 UTC.

[0:00](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=0s) Intro
[01:27](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=87s) Ambassador Program Overview
[01:57](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=117s) Q4 2025 Quarterly Reports Deadline
[03:20](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=200s) Rejuve Airdrop 4th Epoch Is Live (for Those Who Held Agix During The Hardfork In 2021)
[04:16](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=256s) End-of-year Schedule And Calendar Reminders
[10:00](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=600s) Results Of Annual End-of-year Sentiment Session Earlier Today
[21:14](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=1274s) Recording Experiences With The Ai Governance Assistant
[25:59](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=1559s) Ai Governance Assistant Framework's Iterations And Usage
[33:51](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=2031s) Discussion On The Format For Sharing Experiences
[40:57](https://youtu.be/Nv2LiBAKPlo?si=2I9c8eIFciFdAKVi\&t=2457s) Open Discussion: Next Steps For Restructuring And Sentiment Analysis

#### Town Hall Summary:
#### Mentions
- The last 2 Town Halls had very low attendance, so it was decided not to upload videos to Youtube.
- Congratulations to Ayomi's team, who succeeded in the recent Deepfunding RFP ideation round with Deep Funding University Network project.  
- Any Q4 quarterly reports still outstanding should be submitted as soon as possible via the Governance Dashboard, since the deadline has technically already passed.
- Rejuve airdrop 4th epoch is now live - for those who held AGIX at the time of the hardfork in 2021

#### End-of-year schedule: 
- next week (16th December) will be the last Town Hall of the year.
- All Workgroups should check that the calendar accurately reflects their meeting dates (if any) over the holidays. 
- We'll be writing an end-of-year report, basing it on the impact statements that WGs have given in their Q4 reports. 
- Over the holidays. people are encouraged to contribute to the open document on ideas for restructuring the program, and the planned one-to-one interviews about restructuring will be conducted by members of Gov WG, aminly with people who rarely attend Governance meetings
- Treasury may swkip a couple of weeks over the holiday period if few payments are submitte for payment

#### Annual end-of-year sentiment analysis session
In Governance WG earlier today, we used Miro board https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVJh1rXXQ=/ to discuss the same questions as at previous year-ends - how well do we organise our repetitions, how predictable is our funding, do we gather often enough, how well do we organise our reputation-building, do we have clear principles and roadmap, and have we established a good environment. 
In comparison with previous years, there was a difference in focus around the questions themselves; and the sentiment was more negative and showed a strong wish for change. But we didn't have time to analyse the reasons - possibly it's partly influenced by all the recent discussion of restructuring the program? 
In this TH we did a prioritisation activity to decide which 3 questions are the most important for further discussion. The results: (how well do we organise our repetitions), Q4 (how well do we organise our reputation-building) and Q5 (do we have clear principles and roadmap).

#### Collecting feedback on Gov-Dash and AI Assistant
Guillermo will be creating a video documentary to capture insights from the experiment of using the AI assistant in the Governance Dashboard. People are invited to create a short video answering the questions in this doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i2dZkk8FykfVZ45ILeSRgC6zexqNW0g7d4fZVR3JPRU/edit?usp=sharing, and the videos will be edited together. People can also answer in writing in the doc itself. Deadline for contributions; Friday 12th Dec. Contributions do not necessarily have to be positive.

Reminder that Thursday's governance slot will be a final report from the temporary fundraising workgroup.


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ambassador Program restructure, sentiment analysis, AI Assistant, Governance Dashboard, EOY report 2025, Deepfunding RFP ideation


## Wednesday 10th December 2025

### Archives Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Stephen [QADAO] [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], Tevo, PeterE, Alfred Itodele, Sharmila
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [GitHub Issue for this meeting](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/289)
  - [Q4 2025 Archives WG report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DjCL2NtDm2HvtEx-ki85YQV8pW966tZlUfq8EW3FXIQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Decision Items:
- Knowledge graph development: see 
- https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/285 (Nov 2025)  and 
- https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/287 (Dec 2025)

Key focus recently has been is prototyping a replacement Archives dashboard, and thereby  improving the data ingestion pipeline. Initial work on ingesting data from multiple sources into a Supabase schema has been completed, so we know it works; a prototype RAG system has been built using a minimal local LLM to parse data from a discrete source (sample JSON data from this year only); and a draft Discord bot capable of generating answers with verifiable citations.

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- This work is now on hold while we protoype an actual redesigned Archives dashboard that puts summary submission, Archives corpus, a decision tracker, and graph RAG material all in one interface. This is based on forking Andr√©'s original dashboard, and aiming to make it more generic, rather than specific to the needs of the Ambassador program; and improving its documentation (e.g. what terms mean, how authentication is set up, how our data is structured, etc).

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted, RE the setup of the RAG process - there is a lot of token overhead involved in just "throwing JSON at a generative model" - much more efficient to pre-query with SQL, creating a subsection of the data, and sending only that to the generative model.  Same approach will be used with graph queries - SQL first.

  - [**rationale**] Requires differentiating semantic queries (i.e. queries that are more suited to a RAG process) from queries that are better suited to SQL (e.g. arithmetic /counting type questions, etc). Some natural language processing could help identify what kind of query is being asked, and what process is best suited to answer it; i.e. by identifying different types of queries, and matching actual queries against these "types".
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that a key element of our approach is that if the RAG cannot answer a question/iderntify a source, it will *say so*, rather than making something up

  - [**rationale**] so that answers are auditable/verifiable.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that in early 2026, we will run a session as discussed in October to engage the wider Ambassador community with analyzing the graph data and verifying it/ analysing what it means, comparing its insights to their lived experience of being in the Ambassador program.

  - [**rationale**] Both as a way of developing a community verification process for graph outputs, and as a way of educating on basic graph analysis.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We noted that one aim of the new dashboard is that it will be modular - and that it will be able to ingest *any* JSON or SQL data (i.e. not necessarily just meeting summaries); it will then be important for it to be able to understand how the different data sources are related to each other. 

However, ethically speaking, we don't necessarily want to assume what the connections are - it's important that a human in the loop should be *discovering* how things are connected, rather than allowing the graph RAG process to assume connections. 

- We notd that rational privacy (as for Cardano's Midnight chain) is important in an archival context - also the need to be clear about what info is public, and what consents are needed. 

  - [**rationale**] We discussed whether consent needs to be be retrospective: i.e. a person cannot know in advance how AI might use and process their data, or what insights it might come up with, so perhaps they can only give fully informed consent once they see and verify the outputs? (in a similar way to how an interview subject can only fully consent after the interview is finished and they know what they have said)
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We noted that for this Quarter, there is no budget consent process; but WGs are being asked for a simple, minimal report on their work; we have submitted Archives' report to the Governance Dashboard here https://singularitynet-governance-dashboard.vercel.app/dashboard/proposals/cmixenh0m0001jv0ao0ccwgl3

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to draft and submit minimal report for this Quarter's work [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 8 December 2025 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI ethics, Knowledge Graph, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem, Open source, structured vs unstructured data, semantic analysis, data analysis vs graph analysis, community data verification, contribution, Graph RAG, decision tracking, new Archives dashboard, SQL, generic tooling, Consent, retrospective consent, Q4 2025 quarterly report, Governance Dashboard, rational privacy, Midnight, data ingestion, multiple sources, JSON, JSON data into graph data, pre-query with SQL, human in the loop
- **emotions:** interesting, Discursive, didactic, ethics-led