---
description: Mon 1st Jul - Sun 7th Jul 2024
---

# Week 27

## Monday 1st July 2024


### Strategy Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Billy [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Billy, Gavriel, Ayo, Peter, Effiom, Kenichi, hogantuso, Slate, Vasu, Advanceameyaw, Photogee, Asad Nadeem
- Purpose: Review of Strategy Guild Q3 Budget
- Other media: [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01J1QGEJDXAKMDABD9AN3SMYWS?section=notes)
- Working Docs:
  - [Strategy Guild Workgroup Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GLfvwLdbq78yVh_InHUa0jPso44YXLk3leqZuBm_tx0/edit)
  - [Snet Ambassador - Strategy Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VpcEllj9j5EUelaCh_PrPfDDGihYxE7n/edit?gid=1502918299#gid=1502918299)
  - [Strategy Guild Mission Statement ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bUMpAAwpMXWmfHRouMaH-KHc0iNa-uV59f5NdkRBkEw/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Budget Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OoBnHFgC1UeraWmb9shwoXh606z7evmZFVbA7PR7ZSY/edit#heading=h.5nq6p44lo1za)
  - [Strategy Guild Q1 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oetSmzKPe0_7VdVUOniZDpBgELiIi68h_lZq2PTQHBI/edit#heading=h.ybfi2uikflvv)

#### Narrative:
The meeting began with technical issues being addressed and the meeting agenda being shared and made accessible to all team members. The team discussed the use of routine tools and resources such as Discord SNET server, Zoom, and Google Docs. Ayo suggested discussing the budget first due to time constraints and the relevance of the topic. The team discussed the quarterly budget, focusing on the Agix token prices and its impact on the budget.

They calculated the approximate value in dollars and compared it to the previous quarter's budget. The discussion revolved around the allocation of the budget across different workgroups and guilds. There was a focus on ensuring fair distribution and maximizing the value of the available budget, with concerns raised about excessive allocation to certain areas and the potential impact on the community.

The team discussed reducing hourly rates and increasing work hours to maintain the total budget at $30. There was a debate on the appropriate hourly rate and the amount of work required for different tasks, leading to a decision to continue the discussion asynchronously on Discord. Gavriel proposed compensating core contributors with $4,000 for 15 hours of strategy development and discussion, with each core member expected to contribute 5 hours.

Billy suggested reducing the hours to 5 or 6 per week for three core members, and emphasized the need to learn and adjust as they go. Gavriel and others discussed the complexity of developing a knowledge management and dissemination strategy, emphasizing the need for strategic alignment across the community. There was a debate about the role of delegation and the overlap with the Knowledge Base workgroup.

Billy and Gavriel addressed concerns about the budget. Ayo clarified the distinction between weekly meetings and workshops, and encouraged everyone to access the strategy budget proposal document for further discussion and input.


#### Decision Items:
- An agreed number of hours to be put into supporting and influencing strategic alignments across the community per week
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Overlap of knowledge management and dissemination strategy in budget with Knowledge Base WG
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Keep notes, create summary for today's meeting, and move to summary tool [assignee] Effiom [due] 5 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Share the strategy budget proposal document in the public space and make it accessible for everyone to read and make comments [assignee] Ayo [status] todo
- [action] Post the reviewed and updated Strategy guild Q3 budget before the deadline [assignee] Ayo, SoundWaves [due] 1 July 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Budget , Strategy Guild, Documentation, contribution, Workshop, Tasks, management, Facilitation
- emotions: Collaborative, decisive, progressive

### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Tevo, CallyFromAuron, Peter, osmium, Effiom, lord kizzy, Onize, kateri, malik, SucrenSpice, Advanceameyaw
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/dmlm69zChBA)
- Miro board: [Link]( https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764588331185840&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
- Working Docs:
  - [Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?gid=1136630469#gid=1136630469)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16EmdnI9KXEF0iTfzdtSamRupuM3PITxlcfxqo4JT1o0/edit#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)
  - [Treasury Guild Report for 2024 Q2 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gUfkeZCwtw28gmpRShStBgRsOBaj6kRnxaJ7Ih2zZag/edit#heading=h.1w2fce1nfvp0)

#### Agenda item 1 - Review of Increase in Q3 Budget - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How would budget-fitting be managed?
- The need to inform Guild/WG whose budget have been approved of a tentative lowering percent figure before budget-fitting is finalised
- Possibilities of increasing the budget of the entire Ambassador Program
- What should be the tentative lowering percent figure be?

#### Decision Items:
- Budget fitting will be applied to all Q2 budget request once all proposals are finalized
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The proposal budget can be reduced and increased after submission in each iteration
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- If the budget is increased above 10% after first submission, a new consent round is needed
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Each Guild/WG manages their own budget and decides what to they don't do or where they lower funds
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Work on budget-fitting for Q3 [assignee] Tevo [due] 8 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Next Steps on finalising Q3 Budget - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Discuss on the new timelines for the final phase of Q3 proposals
- Proposed dates for the final iteration
- Would there be need for another iteration and consent round?
- Potential retrospective look at Q3 budget process during Gov WG on 16th July

#### Decision Items:
- Another consent round might be needed if WG completely change their proposals
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Gov WG Review 9th July
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- IF NEEDED: new Consent Forms on 10th July
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The proposed timeline for the consent round is 10th - 14th July 2024
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Final Treasury Guild Review 15th July
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Gov WG Retrospective on whole process on 16th July
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Prepare consent form for next round if required [assignee] Tevo [due] 9 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Summer Time - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Outlook of program activities during summer break
- The effectiveness of having a vacation calendar?
- Summer break might aid WG in managing their budget for Q3

#### Decision Items:
- Entire month of August off for Treasury Guild
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Guilds/WG to decide how they would navigate their activities during the summer break
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- No significant decision to be made during the summer break
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Budget fitting, Q3 budget, consent, Summer break, Lowering percent, management, Iteration
- emotions: decisive, bit quiet, Collaborative


## Tuesday 2nd July 2024

### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Haley, iota_one, aetherblade [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], Haley, iota_one, aetherblade, CallyFromAuron, Clement Umoh, sakujennbornean, Gorga Siagian, CollyPride, guillermolucero
- Purpose: Fortnightly Open Office meeting led by the Global Ethics Initiative (GEI). This meeting is not an AI Ethics WG meeting; but the 2 groups work in tandem, so the meetings are related
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [Ambassador Program AI Ethics WG Q2 2024 Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/)
  - [Starter document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/)
  - [AI ethics, safety, and risk taxonomy and literature](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cmHgsHqsESL-OPu8GPOUQIvdQ3ZtlOJM0THrSt5X2zE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG folder ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pUGsT8pju83nU17bVjSJn0tq-a933yS0?usp=sharing)
  - [Interview participant information sheet and informed consent form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8xIl3Yge3uCN1Nk1J68XaoNE9-_Ou5PpHejVmFRwP4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Safety and Ethics across sNET
- Esther is sitting in on interviews with people in the ecosystem re safety and ethics issues
- Matthew Newman (was on 1st Supervisory Council) is working on creating a structure for developing safety and ethics internally in sNET as a whole
- LeeLoo is working on similar with the spinoffs

How to gauge interest from Ambassador Program in attending AGI24?
- Visa concerns will be stronger as it's in the US and it's soon.
- Can offer a letter of invitation from Program chair, which might help people secure a visa.
- Virtual engagement is possible too - GEI is planning a virtual Round Table on 7th August and a 6-month followup.
- Hoping to have some of the roundtable discussions at AGI24 virtually too - would be great to have Ambassador program involved

Naming competition
- Want to announce the GEI's existence at AGI24 - hence, naming competition will launch soon.
- If winner is inappropriate, how will we choose?
- Planning to use Jokerace - but should there be a proxy vote system for those who don't wish to connect a wallet?
- How is voting weight determined on Jokerace? Group members will test it. If it is plutocratic (i.e. 1 token 1 vote) we will not use.
- How to publicise it on socials?
- A 1-pager has been written to outline what the GEI is and ensure people understand what they are naming. Guillermo will transdlate to Spanish and Portuguese.


Asia/Pacific Internet governance networks
- Jenn is working with these - they have an initiative to learn about AI ethics. Can it be integrated with the GEI?
- LeeLoo: education is a huge part of the GEI, but in the longer term. Current focus is on gathering the public's opinion. We can connect in a few months, when we move more towards education.

Scope of GEI survey
Clement: is it within sNET< or wider?
Haley: It's for all voices, including those not in WEb3 groups.
LeeLoo: I have a good grasp of marginalised communities that don't use much tech, and how to engage them.

Licensing of materials collected from surveys and interviews
 - Agree Creative Commons all the way!
 - CC BY-NC sharealike preferred
 - Do we licence material to individual interviewees? Always best to licence to a person, not an organisation, since organisations change; but this could be fiddly to manage and a problem if people do not want to be named.
- To be discussed further
 




#### Decision Items:
- Naming competition will be launched in next week or two, with a 1-week window for people to sugggest names. Probably using Jokerace. $50 prize.
  - [rationale] need to get new name in place ideally before AGI24
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We'll link up with Jenn's Asia-Pacific Internet Governance networks at some point in future months
  - [rationale] because at the moment the focus for GEI is on collecting opinion, not education
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We'll return to the discussion on licencing and Creative Commons in a future meeting
  - [rationale] need to determine WHO we should licence material from interviews to?
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Find out feasibility of Ambassador Program attending the 2 forthcoming AI events: still considering; will depend on budget. GEI has secured some funding from the Foundation for this (they have matched the AI Ethics WG's Q2 budget, c. $3,800) [assignee] Haley, Esther [due] 16 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Request Info Merge for Current Regulations Worldwide from Janet: done, and in LeeLoo's https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cmHgsHqsESL-OPu8GPOUQIvdQ3ZtlOJM0THrSt5X2zE/edit?usp=sharing doc [assignee] LeeLoo, Esther [due] 2 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Meet with Ecosystem to aggregate information on what ethics policy or committees we have already - big piece of work, and will be ongoing indefinitely - maybe assess progress at the end of the quarter [assignee] LeeLoo [due] 30 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Haley will write something on what Ambassador Program attendees at AGI24 need to achieve [assignee] Haley [due] 16 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo will raise the iissue of Ambassador attendance at AGI24 at Ambassador TH [assignee] Guillermo [due] 9 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo will translate the 1-pager about the GEI for the naming competition into Spanish and Portuguese [assignee] Guillermo [due] 16 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Colleen, Esther, Haley and Clement to test Jokerace [assignee] CollyPride, Clement Umoh, Esther, Haley [due] 16 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: AI ethics, Global ethics initiative, AGI24, visa, Jokerace, naming competition, plutocracy, 1 token 1 vote, education, survey , survey scope, marginalised communities, inclusion, Creative Commons, licensing, Asia Pacific, Internet governance network, South East Asia, SE Asia, Translation, virtual participation, virtual round table
- emotions: Businesslike., interesting, Organised, good humored
## Wednesday 3rd July 2024

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], esewilliams, Clement Umoh, Slate, sakujennbornean, martinsoki, oep, malik
- Purpose: - Budget Cuts Distribution -Ese assignment of AI for beginner project - ACP Blueprint deadline - redistribution of tasks 
- Working Docs:
  - [Education Info and Vids ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LLTuBxAV4Q8nKuBdbh4unKRg10pKfOOm4_wEeVz3YxU/edit#gid=0)
  - [Review Sheet for quizzes ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18OHO1HZ7gPRvlQhy9QHVijg_Nanv2z0T4bH3h2EETdU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Budget Request Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eTDWvqulA6J4oQuvwI4-Sk_p8Uiv-pZOxK-fQpxWyvY/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Budget Cuts Distribution
- Ese assignment of AI for beginner project 
- ACP Blueprint deadline 
- redistribution of tasks 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- we had a discussion on how to fit our budget with all the projects 
- Ese to take up blueprint of Ai for beginners to highlight its objectives and tasks related to it 
- Commenting of ACP blueprint will last till friday 
- Task redistribution was done to active members for delayed tasks 
- Clement said that he is sick and will soon be deleivering his info as he gets better

#### Decision Items:
- Ese task creation for blueprint 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- merge "Ai for beginners" and "understanding Decentralized Ai" docs
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, Blueprints , Budget , project assignment , AI for beginners
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy 


## Friday 5th July 2024

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Mikasa, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, devon, Gorga Siagian, Ayo, Ines, Emmanuel Issac, Advanceameyaw
- Purpose: Regular weekly meeting of the Writers' WorkGroup in the SingularutyNET Ambassador Program
- Working Docs:
  - [WWG Scribbler Onboarding Form](https://forms.gle/yLzrMbtUjjhcgWUj9)

#### Narrative:
The purpose of this meeting was to cite the WWG Q2 journey and how we can move forward progressively. The meeting also focused on the points system allocation from June and Zealy updates.

The meeting started with Kenichi welcoming, and then he mentioned that we only had a few items to discuss on the agenda. He started by citing the WWG Q2 journey and how we can move forward progressively.

Secondly, he mentioned the points system allocation from June and the reward balance in the Treasury. He was impressed with the performances from June, and he pointed out that whether we increase Q3 deliverables or not or our budget gets slashed, we can also visit the points system reserve to draw more pools. He also shed light on the Q3 budget concerns and the need for members to consent to the budget proposal after the meeting.

Following a discussion with the points system, Kenichi shared his screen, and he showcased the publication matrix on Medium. In the month of June, 6 articles were published on the ecosystem page, which amassed 803 reads, amounting to 1.5k views. Owing to the fact that the SingulularityNET community page is still in its infancy, the page has also amassed over 133 views, 71+ reads, and 17 followers. Without hesitation, Advance Ameyaw suggested that we strive to increase the community page engagement and also attract new followers by implementing a system, where people can invite friends and get points. Kenichi appreciated his contribution and said that we already have a system that works, which is Zealy itself, and there is an invite-friend quest on the board!

Progressively, we moved over to the Zealy side of things, and Kenichi announced that the current sprint is 10 days away from ending. Following that, we discussed the X Spanish page; Kenichi also mentioned that he'd love to know how Mikasa and Ines are tracking their activity hours — the need for tracking activity hours is essential because it is part of the concerns that were raised in Q2. He also added that the Scribes and Scribblers should try to attend the governance call whenever concerns like this are raised.

Kenichi emphasized the need for having the “pupil tag,” while stating that we give the tag to people who attend our meetings.  Since our Dework channel is private, people with the pupil tag will be able to see our channel and follow up on discussions around the WWG. More so, Kenichi headed over to the “Scribbler Onboarding Form” to see how many people had filled out the form. We spotted a new response, and we would reach out! Momentarily, Mikasa asked Kenichi why we paused the “biweekly cohort session.” Kenichi cleared the air by saying that people preferred having their onboarding session during the meeting rather than editing documents, he also added that the WWG might reinstate the cohort session once again.

As a matter of finality, Kenichi announced the launch of the new “Mindplex Series: Super AI.” Lastly, he stated that he will work on the first series while other Scribblers will write on the future series yet to come. 



#### Decision Items:
- Following a discussion with Zealy and the SNET community page, Kenichi decided that there should be a Spanish quest tailored to grow the X Spanish. 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to chase Mikasa and Inés to get updates on X management and how they track their hours. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 5 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to chase the individual who filled out the Scribbler Onboarding Form to see whether he or she will be interested in taking the WWG test. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 12 July 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Zealy, medium matrix, community page, zealy quest, points system, Q2 recap, mindplex.AI, Dework, Onboarding, Q3 proposal, WWG Test, consent, cohort session
- emotions: speedy , calm, Welcoming, forward-thinking, Collaborative, progress-oriented