---
description: Mon 8th Jul - Sun 14th Jul 2024
---

# Week 28

## Monday 8th July 2024


### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: CallyFromAuron [facilitator], CollyPride [documenter], Clement Umoh, sakujennbornean, Gorga Siagian, LadyTempestt, PeeGee, Advanceameyaw, Onize, Tevo, Stephen [QADAO], Duke, Ayo, CallyFromAuron, aetherblade, PeterE, SucrenSpice
- Purpose: Regular Meeting of the AI Ethics WG
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [Ambassador Program AI Ethics WG Q2 2024 Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/)
  - [Starter document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/)
  - [AI ethics, safety, and risk taxonomy and literature](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cmHgsHqsESL-OPu8GPOUQIvdQ3ZtlOJM0THrSt5X2zE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG folder ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pUGsT8pju83nU17bVjSJn0tq-a933yS0?usp=sharing)
  - [Interview participant information sheet and informed consent form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8xIl3Yge3uCN1Nk1J68XaoNE9-_Ou5PpHejVmFRwP4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup TAG Username List](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w66IDx9W2-43lhL0R59NC2xADgJfa4ZtB6sP_d0ZFuo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Fill in your usernames for Github and Discord on AI Ethics Workgroup TAG username list spreadsheet

Peter has created an AI Ethics Forum for open discussion, in the General area. To be heavily moderated with notice at top saying only AI Ethics Discussions -no other conversations. Moderators TBD but Clement was interested

Q3 Workgoup Admin Roles - Duke declined "co-chair mentee" position and passed role to Colleen
Clement did not receive any comments in spreadsheet nor this meeting

Roles confirmed as:
 - Co-chair GEI: Vani
 - Co-chair role mentee: Colleen
 - Reportbacks to GEI meetings: Jenn
 - WG Async work support: LadyTempestt
 - Internal WG management: Sucre


Now that Sucre is confirmed as internal WG manager, she will be prepping agendas and facilitating meetings, not Vani

AGI2024: Budget will not allow for many people to be funded for travel to the conference - TBD- LeeLoo will find out more

Q3 Budget fitting - (need to lose c. $1500, exact amount TBC) - halving the number of community interviews or moving some to Q4; "producing resources to demystify AI terminology" could be moved to Q4 as well

Informal AI Ethic Chats with a least 2 people and data involved - put ideas on "AI Ethics WG Stuff!" spreadsheet

We are changing task tracking from Dework to Github - see project board here https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2 Please add both your usernames for Discord and Github to AI Ethics WG tag and username list, to be invited to GitHub organisation and be able to be assigned to tasks. Some invitations have already gone out - check your email.

Changing this meeting time to 14 UTC (this was agreed last meeting, but Vani forgot!)

Which Ambassadors will be funded for travel to AGI2024 in August - Budget concerns

Ambassador travel needs to be decided on earlier in the year - how early? 6 months?

Those working on Strategy drafting Teams (writing and editing groups) should ideally create Discord private chat groups to progress their work and liaise. LadyTempestt will offer support as needed. 






#### Decision Items:
- New AI Ethics Forum has been created
  - [rationale] Note at top of channel saying AI Ethics discussions only, all other conversation will be deleted
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Fewer people than originally thought will go to AGI2024 due to budget restrictions. Travel to any future AI Conferences needs to be decided farther ahead in the future
  - [rationale] to allow people time to get visas if needed
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Budget fitting cuts will likely include the item for creating learning resources, and halving the number of interviews to be done with the public
  - [rationale] More interviews can be done in Q4; and we could move learning resources to Q4 because then we'll have a better idea of what kinds of resources might be needed
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Moderators of AI Ethics Forum - Clement, and others TBC if needed. Roles might need to be assigned - Peter? [assignee] Clement Umoh, Peter [due] 14 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to create recurring meeting invite at 1400 UTC fortnightly on Mondays - Peter to add to Ambassadors Calendar [assignee] CallyFromAuron, Peter [due] 14 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Create Discord DM goups for strategy writing and editing groups and invite LadyTempestt as well [assignee] all [due] 9 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] all to add ideas to AI Ethics Workgroup Stuff spreadsheet for "AI conversations" work, to be discussed next meeting [assignee] all [due] 22 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] all to add GitHub names to AI Ethics WG tag and username list, or DM to Vani or Sucre, asap [assignee] all [due] 15 July 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: workgroup tags, forum moderators,  Admin Roles, change meeting time, Budget cuts, AGI conference attendees, forum, visa, Q3 budget, AI Ethics conversations, learning resources, GitHub
- emotions: friendly , informative, calm, engaging, Collaborative

### Strategy Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Effiom [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Ayo, Peter, Effiom, Kenichi, hogantuso
- Purpose: Review of Strategy Guild Q3 Budget
- Working Docs:
  - [STRATEGY GUILD - UPDATED BUDGET](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1a0eH1dvLENyvxpK9lQSAgByPa_GHNvZscs9YSmg5z5k/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild Budget Concerns](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e4s9TMi6zoi2RpGNIssNvppA1zTjpfsk-bnjqAfWfWc/edit#heading=h.u0khwamchrf7)
  - [Strategy Guild Budget Context Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PsUTzgHw-WnNMUDF3mR1uzYqjXVoAa9_yZkz8Q6w7WA/edit#heading=h.nkokrvxgqd5)
  - [STRATEGY GUILD Q1 REPORT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oetSmzKPe0_7VdVUOniZDpBgELiIi68h_lZq2PTQHBI/edit#heading=h.ybfi2uikflvv)

#### Narrative:
The meeting began late as few minutes was given to allow for others to join the call. The team discussed on the outcome of the last conseting round and how best to proceed with the group's budget request.

Ayo clarified the distinction between weekly meetings, research, and workshops in the budget.

Discussion Points:
1. How were concerns raised addressed?
2. What areas of the budget should be updated?
3. Lessons learnt from the 2nd iteration


#### Decision Items:
- Highlight how concerns were addressed in the new budget in a document
  - [rationale] It would help better inform the consenting process
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The budget should be updated to reflect the discussions in today's meeting
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Resolution for concerns raised from last iteration should be added to a budget in a separate sheet
  - [rationale] This would help better inform the consenting process especially for those who raised the concerns
- Only the dollar figure should be submitted in the budget
  - [rationale] AGIX price always change
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Add additional sheet for the resolved concerns raised in last iteration [assignee] Effiom [due] 9 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Work on updating the budget async [assignee] Ayo, Effiom [due] 9 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Re-upload the updated budget to the Ambassador Program budget planner [assignee] Ayo [due] 9 July 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Budget Request, concerns, resolutions, Quarterly Budget Calculator, Quarterly Report
- emotions: Collaborative, decisive, productive, The meeting was quick and progressive


## Wednesday 10th July 2024


### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Clement Umoh, kateri, osmium, WaKa, malik, Slate, Photogee, Kenichi, Mikasa, GorgaSeagian, sakujennbornean, Franklynstein
- Purpose: - Tasks Update go through dework  - Review sheet post productions and rework showcase - Ai for beginners and Learn about Decentralized AI merge ?  - Clement's infographic showcase  - Gorga's proposal - Fetch and Ocean resources start off 
#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Tasks Update go through Dework 
- Review sheet post productions and rework showcase
- Ai for beginners and Learn about Decentralized AI merge ? 
- Clement's infographic showcase 
- Gorga's proposal 
- Fetch and Ocean Task distribution 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- Notified and discussed tasks assigned and the updates on the tasks on Dework 
- Slate mentioned that it was decided in the previous meeting that Ese will be taking up the intiial document for Ai for Beginners
- There was a discussion regarding merging of "AI for Beginners" and "Understanding Decentralized Ai" into one single project as "Ai for beginners"
- SNET reworked infographic was discussed 
- Kenichi was advised to bring up the initial document for his project "webinar series" 
- Osmium said that we dont currently need any rework for Awakening Health video 
- Osmium and Photogee will be discussing whether a rework of that video is needed or not 
- Gorga shared his proposal of making a website wiki for SNET and Ambassador Program and everybody liked the idea 
- Fetch and Ocean infographics are assigned and the work on it had started concluding from the discussion on it in todays meeting 
- There was also a discussion for a landing page for ACP/ CCCP

#### Decision Items:
- Osmium and Waka to take up Fetch infographic 
  - [rationale] Diverse knowledge regarding the project
  - [opposing] Nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Malik and Gorga to take up Ocean Infographic 
  - [rationale] Able to deliever fast and research properly 
  - [opposing] nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Kenichi to be making initial document for his project under education "presentation series"
  - [rationale] project is proposed by kenichi 
  - [opposing] nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Merge "Understanding Decentralized AI" & "Ai for beginners "
  - [rationale] Everybody agreed 
  - [opposing] Nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Assign tasks for Fetch and Ocean infographic and Kenichi's initial document  [assignee] Slate [due] 11 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Find out the budget amount after cut and fit accordingly  [assignee] Slate [due] 17 July 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: fetch and ocean, task rework assignment, review team, Blueprint documents, Rework discussions, budget discussion, projects merger, Ai for Beginners, infographics, ACP, landing page, Wiki
- emotions: productive, Collaborative, Businesslike.

### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: André [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], André, CallyFromAuron, SucrenSpice, LadyTempestt, lord kizzy, Photogee, kateri, CollyPride, Effiom, Onize
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Draft AI ethics doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MIItGDkPIBMA6x-_rvIaWvpRE_sKkkz9TdEhao_MVwM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [SNET Archive AI features (draft of possible features an AI tool might have)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LROsgVAQ9fQbNgMRK5qMI8q8KYsN-rGI-Gq9lvXAN5w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [How to make a document community owned](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hQs4ocUhT6mrvgn-ZjTO7O2aVDm-KEsYIiPaAOQH1Gc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting issue ](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/178)
  - [Docs management tool](https://snet-doc-manager.netlify.app/#)
  - [New Summary Tool Features](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wxziaDEdMdYeiqv0ecuuygHgfd9a9F18odje_2qaT7g/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Decision Items:
- OpenSource paradigm presentation See https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/164 - TBD next meeting (24th July) how the work will be presented
  - [rationale] The wish to engage more people with the issues around Open Source culture and ethos
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Governance WG paying Ese to upload their backlog of summaries to the Tool: Vani has messaged Felix to ask him to create a Dework task for it
  - [rationale] Gov WG has budget to cover this, and they have summaries written and ready to upload, so Dework task is needed since they manage their budget on Dework
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- André demo'd the new Docs Management tool https://snet-doc-manager.netlify.app/#
  - [rationale] explaining how we will manage and open-source docs submitted in meeting summaries
- As planned, André has created a doc ("New Summary Tool Features") collating ideas for the redesign of the summary tool. People who work with the community on using the tool (e.g. Vani, Onyeka) to add any issues they hear about (especially because, due to budget fitting, we might not be able to afford to do as much organised community engagement around this as we would have liked).
  - [rationale] To start organising ideas for changes and hearing from the community, without necessarily doing direct engagement work.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- RE video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116   Duke has reassigned it to Ayo, but we agreed there are a few issues with Ayo's first draft - may need an edit. We agreed Vani will DM Ayo.
  - [rationale] Mainly that it is a bit generic, rather than focusing on how *we* in this WG use our GitHub board; and that the voiceover doesn't explain sufficiently what's being done
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The work on the Archives Backlog - some people have had to do more work than others for the same pay, as the month they were working on had more meetings to cover. After discussion both in the meeting and earlier in the Discord chat for the group who are working on it, we agreed to keep the money allocation as it is, even though it's not ideal and somewhat unfair; but for future tasks we'll bear this  kind of issue in mind and allocate it better from the start
  - [rationale] Because working it out per meeting uploaded would be a disproportionate amount of work
  - [opposing] There were suggestions to try and work it out differently, but people decided it was easiest to leave it as it is.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed that for the "Good Meeting Summaries" task in Q3, Sucre, Clement and Onyeka will continue as the judging team
  - [rationale] For continuity, as they've just established how to run the competition smoothly. Maybe hand over next quarter if we continue with the competition in Q4.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Holiday: We agreed that we will meet on 24th August as planned, but then will *not* meet in August (meeting dates would have been 7th and 21st Aug). So we return on 4th Sept.
  - [rationale] Because several people are away for parts of August, so easiest approach is to take a break.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116  -  reassigned to Ayo [assignee] Ayo [due] 24 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] All to add comments to AI ethics doc async: it will only stay open for comments 2 more weeks, and will be reassessed next meeting (24th July) [assignee] all [due] 24 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to write guide on how to make a doc community-owned - draft is in the issue here https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/148 and is open for comments to be discussed next meeting [assignee] Vanessa [due] 10 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Ekemini and Ese to liaise outside the meeting on Town Hall presentation on Ubio's work, and decide when to present. They can message André with any questions. See https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/150 [assignee] Ekemini Samuel, esewilliams, André [due] 10 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action]  Ese, Onyeka and Ekemini to work on presentation on tag taxonomy work https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/151 - was presented at TH on 2nd July [assignee] Vanessa [due] 2 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] André to ask Ubio if he can convert his Excel spreadsheet testing different LLM models into a more viewable format [assignee] Andre [due] 10 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani and André to meet to go thru André's docs management interface [assignee] CallyFromAuron, André [due] 10 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Stephen to tidy up the documentation of the Q2 RAG process, and close the issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/163 [assignee] Stephen [due] 10 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Stephen to decide how best to present the "Open-source paradigm" work: postponed to meeting on 24th July as Stephen not present today [assignee] Stephen [QADAO] [due] 24 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] André to create a doc to collate issues that need to be addressed in the Q3 redesign of the meeting summary tool [assignee] André [due] 10 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to post in the Discord chat for the backlog work that a) we have agreed to include the Deepfunding Community Governance meetings, and b) the deadline is 3rd July 2024 [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 28 June 2024 [status] done
- [action]  Onyeka will DM Peter to check there is space at TH for the Tag Taxonomy presentation on 2nd July [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 28 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to create issues on the GitHub Board for all the forthcoming Q3 work, in time for meeti ng on 10th July - not done yet as we are still waiting for definite info on budget-lowering percentage. Postponed to 24th July [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 24 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to DM Ayo about the GitHub Board walkthru video [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 24 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: document management, github board, AI ethics, Ethics, good meeting summaries, LLMs, LLM development, AI tooling, open source, fair pay, payment, GitHub video walkthrough, meeting summary tool redesign, holiday, town hall presentations
- emotions: Organised, inclusive, participatory, problem-solving


## Thursday 11th July 2024

### LatAm Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], Ines [documenter], Ines, Caue [translator], Guillermo, Ines, Andrea Dekovic, Martin Rivero, Caue, lord_kizzy
- Purpose: Core team Strategy & Operations of the Program / #4 Town Hall @SNET_Latam Ambassadors 'El Power Latino de SingularityNET
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8xZKZmIVKQ&t=3s)
- Transcript: [Link](https://otter.ai/u/IY-8zlCtvNF8OfUuJ1uuUKCJ3Ls?view=transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [Spanish _ Roadmap Expansión Regional del Programa LATAM Ambassadors Guild Proposal _ 180724](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fBJ2YKc1P0cyS8N3XMBvo75t8_huBza6gqjBrh3wLEQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [TH#4 _ LATAM AMBASSADORS GUILD _ 110724](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17GFID_MjPNgMG-yUK5ZsUA32M5JSUFiJ4DMtfuJWn3c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Strategy Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
The speakers discussed the intersection of AI and governance, highlighting AI's potential to analyze data and help drafting strategies for sustainable development of the guild and the community. They also explored the importance of a reputation system, building a strong community, and building operations for decentralized communities. Speakers emphasized the need for a merit-based reputation system, task-based approach, and systematic approach to managing contributions and rewards. They also discussed the use of tokens for voting and decision-making in the context of SingularityNet's ambassadors program.



#### Action Items:
- [action] Governance Blueprint Design Draft [assignee] Guillermo, Ines, Martin Rivero, Caue, Andrea Dekovic [due] 8 August 2024 [status] in progress

#### Agenda item 2 - Governance Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:


In our discussions, we emphasized the critical importance of communication and collaboration in a remote work environment to ensure seamless interactions and productivity. We explored the potential of using AI for data analysis and intelligence, recognizing its value in making informed decisions. Facilitating documented work processes was highlighted as essential for maintaining clarity and consistency in our tasks. We also discussed the idea of using tokens or AGX to reward participants in on-chain governance, proposing a system where tokens could be used to vote on activities. Additionally, we addressed translation tasks and the associated rewards, aiming to create an inclusive and participatory framework for all team members.


#### Action Items:
- [action] Governance Token Design  [assignee] Guillermo, Caue, Martin Rivero [due] 24 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Marketing Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
In our recent discussions, we outlined the draft concepts for a communication strategy targeting the four LATAM countries where we will begin our actions: Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, and Brazil. We defined the channels to use and assigned tasks for our next meeting, where we will develop our short-term objectives, particularly focusing on the upcoming ADN Event in Buenos Aires on July 31. Additionally, we planned for the participation of @SNET_Latam in the AGI-24 Round tables scheduled for August 7, ensuring that we are well-prepared to contribute to these significant discussions.


#### Action Items:
- [action] Compile budget and communication actions proposals for ADN [assignee] Andrea Dekovic, Ines, Guillermo [due] 21 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Design Draft Proposal for topic of AGI-24 @SNET_Latam [assignee] Guillermo, Ines [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Operations Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
In our discussions, we delved into the governance design for our global community, leading to an in-depth conversation on creating an inclusive and effective governance system. Guillermo explained the current governance framework, highlighting how contributions are rewarded and proposing a token-based system for community representation. We acknowledged the potential for power imbalances but focused on building a community where members are actively involved in decision-making through reputation systems and token incentives. Understanding the system's objectives and mechanisms was deemed crucial, and we emphasized that while newcomers are respected, tasks should be assigned based on merit. We also discussed using token-based systems to measure contributions and creativity within the ambassadors' global program, incentivizing new members through rewards for participation and engagement. Lastly, we outlined a plan to build a decentralized operations system using GitHub and Google Drive, ensuring transparency and collaboration.


#### Decision Items:
- GitHub and Google Drive WorkShop
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] GitHub WorkShop [assignee] Guillermo, Caue [due] 24 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Operations System Drive Setup [assignee] Guillermo [due] 17 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Governance, Meeting Summaries, Onboarding, Budget, Roles, Collaboration, Translation, GitHub, governance design, inclusive, assigning tasks, merit, Google Drive 
- emotions: Collaborative, Friendly, Thoughtful , funny , entertaining, challenging
- other: Step by Step


## Saturday 13th July 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], martinosoki, oep, lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian, flyn, Photogee, rebel, scarecrow, hufiumer69, hotasiro
- Purpose: The meeting focused on workgroup creation updates.
- Media link: [Link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1jH4jnpQ6Zx0R2wUw2xMk2yugICsTcThM?usp=sharing)
- Working Docs:
  - [Mentors Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RIXcGennBuz-wN6NKjAB2U1CyNgBll-To89y2ihIy6Q/edit?gid=0#gid=0)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- Malik presented the Education Guild department, suggesting the building should resemble a school or college. Each classroom would represent a spin-off project with corresponding infographics on the board. (Watch the education guild video in the drive folder link under the media section)
- Scarecrow provided the Treasury Guild creation update. They have created 6 NPCs representing guild members, who were well-received. Creation of the building is ongoing. (Watch the Treasury guild video in the drive folder link under the media section)
- Gorga provided an update on the creation of the Archives workgroup, stating that it is in the initial stages and will demonstrate progress at the upcoming meeting.
- Rebel updated that the Dework PBL workgroup creation is in its initial phase. He showed NPCs representing guild members as anime characters. Members proposed they be depicted as humans for a more professional look.  (Watch the Dework PBL video in the drive folder link under the media section).
- OEP announced that the progress of creating the R&D Guild department will be shown at the next meeting.
- Slate emphasized the need to achieve the proposal goals by all means.
- Slate inquired about the mentors' progress and found that Lord Kizzy, Gorga, and Slate have finished mentoring their assigned students, but Malik was unable to do so. (see the mentor sheet doc under the working docs section)
- Slate answered Lord Kizzy's questions, demonstrating how to animate the prop, attach it to the NPCs, and set up the dialogue box. He also noted that we can use dialogue boxes from the toolbox as long as they are not copyrighted.
- Lord Kizzy updated on video workgroup creation progress, showcasing NPCs animations and mentioning upcoming character and animation additions. (Watch the video workgroup video in the drive folder link under the media section)

#### Decision Items:
- Avoid using NPCs that look like anime characters.
  - [rationale] for a professional look
- Dialogue boxes used should not be copyrighted.
  - [rationale] The game can be taken down by their use.
- All the destined departments to be created in this quarter 
  - [rationale] To ensure presentation in the quarterly report and avoid concerns about unfulfilled deliverables.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Department Creation - Education Guild [assignee] malik, hufiumer69 [due] 27 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation -  Treasury Guild [assignee] martinsoki, scare-crow [due] 27 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation - Archival Workgroup [assignee] GorgaSeagian, kateri [due] 27 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation - Dework PBL [assignee] rebel, Photogee [due] 27 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation - RnD Guild [assignee] oep, CollyPride [due] 27 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Animation & Dialogue System (Video Workgroup) [assignee] lord kizzy, GorgaSeagian [due] 27 July 2024 [status] in progress

#### Game Rules:
Last Man Standing - Battle Royale game - final survivor wins the game. 
Players: Devon, Martinsoki, lord kizzy, photogee, hotasiro, rebel, hufiumer, flyn, scare crow, Gorga.



#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Hufiumer

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Roblox, metaverse, department creation, work updates, Collaboration, Game Development, mentorship, Dialogue Systems, Animation
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, Deliberative, informative, focused on reporting
- games played: Battle Royale