---
description: Mon 29th Jul - Sun 4th Aug 2024
---

# Week 31

## Wednesday 31st July 2024


### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: lord kizzy [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Kenichi, AJ, Clement Umoh, Rojo, osmium, Pascal, Duke, Yemi Solves, PeterE
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 budget Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tE6T_OLUZ1DgEGHnBfEhrI7iQuwwTE6eUD0w17UvTbk/edit)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report / R&D Guild Proposal & Q2 Community Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19W8jlC20q2JVdknBMwBrtI95LQFYizraQvrnxAw68Wc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS! 
- SHOWCASE FINISHED PROPOSAL
- NEW OPERATIONS SYSTEM GOING FORWARD

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Rojo gave the updates on Social Media Automation; The platform is currently in testing. The way the platform will interact with social media is that there is an API contact and some of these APIs need some time to be approved. We got approval from Google, YouTube API, and we're waiting for X (Twitter) and for Facebook. We're doing some testing. We are polishing the UI. We will do a push for the GitHub. Probably today or tomorrow we should be doing a push. Rojo shared a major challenge: he came across  an open source project called Mixpost. This open source project is basically like an open source replica of Buffer.com, which does social media automation and social media dashboarding and team coordination, which is what the Guild is aiming for. He is currently testing this solution and the major issue is if while testing this solution, it does prove itself to be as good as what he seen so far, would it be a good idea to actually use this solution and part of the funding for our project so far would go to hosting and maintaining this solution rather than keeping working on the previous one and trying to improve it to reach the same level because our aim from the beginning was to build an open source project for this exact case. And it is sad that we had to build so far all of these things and just to realize that there was a solution already available, but it might be a more judicious and a smarter thing to do is to actually build upon previous open source solution that are already existing. 
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Rojo gave the updates on the Web3 dashboard:  He is done with the UI design. Talks will commence with Treasury Guild  so that we can have the data access. Once we have the data access, we will be building from that.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Kenichi gave the updates on the Legacy website
- SHOWCASE FINISHED PROPOSAL: The Town Hall presentation for the Research on Inclusivity of people with disabilities was conducted by Clement on 30th of July 2024, now it's just left with the public announcement
- NEW OPERATIONS SYSTEM GOING FORWARD: Lordkizzy shared the new operations system going forward

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that AJ was going to continue the "Skills Collaboration Database" previously done by Curtis 
  - [rationale] This selection was done based on AJ's skills and also due to lack of communication with Curtis
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Guillermo and Lord kizzy to have a discussion with Rojo and Kenichi on similarities between their projects and to see if there is a possibility for collaboration  [assignee] guillermolucero, lord_kizzy [due] 7 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Clement to reach out to Duke to create an infographic to project presentation on Discord [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 24 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Tool Development, AI tooling, contributors, Operations, Core team, Presentation, Voting process, deliverables, open source, disability, disability research, Collaboration, skills database, skills
- emotions: Casual, Collaborative, speedy , Welcoming

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Clement Umoh, esewilliams, GorgaSeagian, kateri, malik, Slate, Kenichi, Photogee, Yemi Solves, Onize
- Purpose: - Dework Go through tasks - Deepfunding infographic - Clement's video after adjustments - OCEAN infographic after adjustments - Projects alignment with Google Classroom -  Next meeting for Notion Setup -  Meeting time increase poll - Rework task on SIngularityDAO 
- Working Docs:
  - [Ai For Beginners](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k41rkHr21lrskZnhPx9JRpxCfhYFIHcMe4hch2ToXyE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Dework Go-through tasks 
- Quizzes Review sheet go-through 
- Clement's video after adjustments 
- Projects alignment with Google Classroom 
- Next meeting for Notion Setup
- Meeting time increase poll
- Rework task on SingularityDAO
- Deepfunding infographic 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- discussed tasks assigned and the updates on the tasks on Dework 
- Osmium gave updates regarding tasks reviews for quizzes and informed about reviews of some tasks 
- There was a discussion on deepfunding infographic and its quiz, as most sources should be from the infographic and the video 
- Then we discussed about CCCP, and everybody agreed that the completed projects should be put on the google classroom platform
- Gorga and Osmium as uploaders and Slate as coordinator for that task was decided 
- There was also a discussion that the next meeting should be on "Notion page overview for 'Ai for beginners' project"  
- Osmium suggested that the next meeting time should be increased by about 30 minutes to cover all projects; everybody agreed to have a poll on that specific thing 
- Reworking the task on SingularityDAO was assigned to Clement, because the current one is outdated 

#### Decision Items:
- Ese and Osmium to present in next meeting on "Ai for beginners"
  - [rationale] Both assigned 
  - [opposing] Nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Clement to do SingularityDAO infographic rework 
  - [rationale] Task assigned to him 
  - [opposing] nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- OCEAN infographic approved 
  - [rationale] everybody gave a green signal
  - [opposing] nil 
- have a poll for increase of meeting time 
  - [rationale] Osmium suggested that the meeting should be longer to cover all topics 
  - [opposing] nil 

#### Action Items:
- [action] Set up poll for increase meeting time  [assignee] Slate [due] 31 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Assign google classroom setup to Gorga, Osmium and Slate as coordinator  [assignee] Slate [due] 29 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] audit approved tasks  [assignee] Slate [due] 31 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to present his "presentation series" project in next meeting  [assignee] Kenichi [status] in progress
- [action] Osmium and Ese to prepare for next meeting presentation for "Ai for beginners" [assignee] esewilliams, osmium [due] 7 August 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: review team, Dework Go through, Dework, Initial docs, Notion, Ai for beginners, video adjustments , representation, meeting time, task presentation, Google Classroom, SingularityDAO, Deep Funding
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike.