---
description: Mon 27th Jan - Sun 2nd Feb 2025
---

# Week 05

## Monday 27th January 2025



### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo, Effiom [**facilitator**], Tevo, Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], effiom, tevo, AshleyDawn, PeterE, Gorga Siagian
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/lyGXP-AhHko)
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764612932039153&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base WG - Introduction to Knowledge Base WG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlHcTBzeJ0Y)
  - [KBWG Schedule on Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764601683623141&cot=10)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Miro Board and Activities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml_kDw09omQ)
  - [Managing Meeting Summaries Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4/)
  - [TEMPLATE Meeting Summary dd.mm.2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v4zoPFp25Wx2M28JY5XiXFgBCV454iq_9fKF9sykNxU)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Q1 2025 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I1KAFNsyQTtnXduB-q34MXsR63q-3g5eIbZh4AKdb-8/)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Q4 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o7oWhDiI4TScTqgWpORIO4_SMi-HMNw91LdOq9i4Fzo/)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Proposal Q1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lV5E52tbfTb6tSjkqZVwtp9su92AwvqQopCCce-8pIY/)
  - [Category Descriptions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NzpysgIDsZFigFJz4Tiik3h2l0X4FJTJC4xEbGiwsUw)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup Management - Distribute Action Items - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed and distributed WG tasks.
- 2k+ unread emails in the Ambassador Program inbox.

#### Decision Items:
- Q2 2025 Proposal and Q1 2025 Report to be updated in next meeting.
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Added Process Guild and Knowledge Base Proposals to GitBook.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Feedback form creation revisited; kept in backlog.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo to draft and archive the meeting summary for this meeting. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 29 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to reviews and publish it on Discord. [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 30 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Once Knowledge Base GitBook is public, link it to the main GitBook and create a feedback form. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 10 February 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Agenda item 2 - Review Category Descriptions - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Not much progress made on descriptions yet
- We added a clearer list of which descriptions are left to do

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Writing descriptions is high priority [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 10 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] We can start updating GitBook with some of the examples we already have [**assignee**] all [**due**] 10 February 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Agenda item 3 - GitHub Markdown generation automation - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Shared current status of development
- Current challenges are cleaning the data and making Miro Board item names match with analysis

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create a new Excel Datatable that will store the new correct combined structure from the current version and top of the new table build functionality to generate markdown files. This makes a bit longer process, but allows us to faster achieve the goals [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 10 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Category Descriptions, Markdown, Ambassador GitBook, GitBook, Feedback Form, Documentation, Miro Board, GitHub, Q2 2025 budget, Q2 2025 proposal, Q1 2025 quarterly report, Ambassador Program email account, email
- **emotions:** well attended, Organised



### Strategy Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Ayo, Effiom, PeterE, Gorga Siagian, martinsoki, esewilliams, Kateri, LordKizzy, TheFreysDeFi, Évéline Trinité
- **Purpose:** Biweekly meeting of the Strategy Guild

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?gid=1268899826#gid=1268899826)
  - [REPORT - STRATEGY GUILD  Q4 WORKSHOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rY2yjckO8n0h9PZR2RHz9rJEwqIQln9TbvCgj7fasaY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy review ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12-7c62Bbdc3M8EuWxbJEYfjPS7_cgJPIO4-40q5wnwk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Last meeting Summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p6tMvoMyJluZ2oo_VfsYjN2H3OGLKTbnBc-lqVHBRBQ/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XTQzNmjoZ8yIg8cq8Cpwbsc6Bk9JSlOXpw6iv6KomSY/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Review of Last Meeting Documentation: Ayo proposed adopting a standard documentation format and clarified some inaccuracies in the previous meeting's records.

Q3 and Q4 Async Report Presentation: Ese stated her intention to reach out to workgroups to gather feedback on the adoption of proposed solutions and their overall effectiveness.

Research Ideas: Gorga suggested conducting research and workshops on AI Sandbox, AI Ethics, and Gamers, as AI Sandbox and AI Ethics align closely with broader AI conversations, while Ayo clarified the distinction between research and workshops, emphasizing that the workgroup focuses on organizing ideas and providing solutions.

Workshop and Async Start: Ayo announced that asynchronous activities and workshops will begin next week, with the first workshop session happening during the next call.

Town Hall Update: Peter recommended presenting progress made so far at the Town Hall, even if limited, as similar challenges are likely being faced by other workgroups.



#### Decision Items:
- We agreed, through a poll vote during the call, to focus on AI ethics, AI sandbox, and Gamers Guild for research.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Martin to implement corrections for the last meeting documentation before adoption.
 [**assignee**] Martin Rivero [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to submit research on AI agents. [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ayo to contact Kateri and Mikasa to confirm their availability for documentation and workshop review. [**assignee**] Ayo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom to follow up with Kenichi and Clement.
 [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to represent the Gamers Guild and follow up asynchronously.
 [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ayo to present at the Townhall.
 [**assignee**] Ayo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All members should check the working document to know their roles [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** TH Update , Guilds , Analysis, AI ethics, Gamers Guild, AI sandbox, Workshop, research
- **emotions:** Friendly, productive



### Treasury Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Effiom, Tevo [**documenter**], PeterE, Malik, CallyFromAuron, AshleyDawn, Effiom, Tevo
- **Purpose:** Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLvZNwWM=/?moveToWidget=3458764613894438209&co t=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Treasury Policy Submission Form (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-tAwCD3vrXNSbUdQApljTVMfFGVDJo6PBdM39CO73Uk/edit?gid=1814531250#gid=1814531250)
  - [Treasury Policy Feedback (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tlq_125RZp3C_uESRUy7mhYP1q7nbf7jdSE3b3iU46g/)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal Q1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dxcnnRhG_kFBmtvlmuiZ-Ddx_tcCeT9wq0_InuSkeGs/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)
  - [Managing Meeting Summaries](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.w0kflg2wx5ub)
  - [NEW TEMPLATE Meeting Summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v4zoPFp25Wx2M28JY5XiXFgBCV454iq_9fKF9sykNxU/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Treasury Guild - Miro Board Overview for 2025](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFmiK9tNA8o)
  - [Treasury Guild Q1 Report 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AND0meYR-owrW1yiURmB_DyAKhD15iRMh7JGx-Dl9Qs/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Treasury Guild Q4 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-oRrXO0jtVac1tK4lIdPndc7UBpNMULbmPGR0dfz_I/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Gamers Guild presentation]( https://youtu.be/ib8IoKSximY)

#### Agenda item 1 - Guild Management - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed and Distributed Guild Tasks

#### Decision Items:
- We would update the Proposal and Report in the next meeting instead of assigning it to a single person
  - [**rationale**] Google docs is more user friendly when compared to Miro, plus the final destination of meeting notes is the gitbook after its been added to the summary tool and archived.
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo will draft and archive the meeting summary [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom will review and publish the Meeting Summary on Discord [**assignee**] Effiom [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Policy Management - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Are there any new Policy submissions?
- Has there been any feedback or enactment for new policies?
- How are we going to manage the new policy ratification process?
- We are moving towards a voting culture, but it feels like a faster way to get more aligned progress
- If we don't use conventional tools to make decisions, we need to establish a role or activity to publish and remind people more often to make a decision
- What should the first iteration of the policy decision dashboard look like?

#### Decision Items:
- Explicitly remind the decision is for Core Contributors
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Establish a procedure to capture and archive policy feedback
  - [**rationale**] As the amount allocated is in AGIX 
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Voting results and feedback are public and recorded
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo to Update Form results based on colour coding [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Create a general Template for inviting people to consent on a new policy in a Discord [**status**] done
- [**action**] Vanessa to Coordinate with Andre to see if we could use the Meeting Summary Archival Tool to capture Policy Decisions [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**status**] done

#### Agenda item 3 - Ambassador Program Q1 Consent Statistics - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How does Q1 result look compared to Q4?
- Should we have a Quorum for proposals?
- First time we used budget caps in Q1
- Why are people not taking part?

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo to update Q1 consent results to calculate influence tokens. This will also give us a comparison of how to engage different people across all proposals. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Miro Board, Guild Management, Q2 proposal, Q1 Report, Database, Budget , dashboard, Decision Making Process, process, ratification, policy, Treasury, Statistics


## Wednesday 29th January 2025


### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, esewilliams, frosh, Gorga Siagian, kenichi, LordKizzy, Malik, SubZero, Zalfred, hogantuso, Slate
- **Purpose:** CCCP Process Presentation by Slate - AI for Beginners Updates and Finalization Steps by Ese - Wiki Website Update - webinar series Updated Document by Clement 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Certification Program Process ](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLn7Lfag=/?share_link_id=248184016016)
  - [Webinar Series ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V5W6yUgzJRTe63SIZW6g-RaDuOmmWNWxonm_A4Ca27g/edit?usp=drive_link)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- CCCP Process Presentation by Slate
- AI for Beginners Updates and Finalization Steps by Ese
- webinar series Updated Document by Clement 
- Wiki Website Update 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting greeting everyone 
- The Meeting started off with the refined presentation of the upcoming certification program process 
- Miro Board was shared and the complete process was explained which included multiple new additions to the previous process 
- one was the introduction of selection among people based on their past work and the second one being the introduction of peer reviewers to the process
- The count for undertaking of spin-off project will stay the same meanwhile one person will be assigned for the creation of resources and side by side one person will be picked for peer reviewing  
- Multiple comments were given in regards to both the changes , one strong point coming was that selection of people should be done by the project lead and not through multiple people or voting stages 
- Another important step being introduced was the introduction of a success criteria for both the graphics and the videos 
- Then the discussion shifted to Updates from AI for Beginners in which ese notified that most of the videos are ready and voted out meanwhile she is still trying to reach out to franklyn in regards to the video 
- Then it was notified that both the SEO and graphic people have been selected and that they will soon hand over their work 
- Individual updates from both the SEO and graphic were taken 
- Webinar updated document was presented by Clement introducing a monthly cost of 400$ and quarterly cost of 1200$, which was agreed by most of the group and recommendation of connecting with marketing and ai sandbox was introduced 
- Wiki website had no updates 

#### Decision Items:
- Introduce selection process from the project lead 
  - [**rationale**] mostAgreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil 
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Peer reviewers to be introduced in the next round of creations 
  - [**rationale**] most agreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Collaboration discussion to be carried out between AI sandbox and Marketing 
  - [**rationale**] most agreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Gorga to Reach out to Frank in regards to the site  [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 5 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Ese to communicate the graphic design with the designers  [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 5 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Add considerations given to the process  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 5 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] ese and clement to reach out to marketing and ai sandbox for potential collab [**assignee**] esewilliams, Clement Umoh [**due**] 5 February 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** CCCP, design, Task Assignment, AI for beginners, wiki website
- **emotions:** productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike.



### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], lord kizzy [**documenter**], lord kizzy, AshleyDawn, guillermolucero, osmium, Eveline Trinite, AJ, advanceameyaw, kenichi, PeterE, Mikasa, hogantuso
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Mathematical Model for Weighted Rank Calculation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17KSRbJolmKHK5IGQkG0denUf60iczoDaRDQAf9DBMs8/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- Open discussions

- MetaCoders Lab Discussion

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members
- R&D Guild Metta Code Lab  Initiative: We presented a proposal
for the RFPs and we are awaiting a confirmation, we also need to create a taskforce for the Metta Coder lab

- Follow up on the CSDB: Advance noted that the team is addressing challenges with integrating and hosting two projects. Initially planned to be unified, they are now being deployed and hosted separately due to complications. Efforts are focused on cleanup and exploring the use of Supabase for the admin portal to securely house data and reduce hosting costs. The team is evaluating the best approach and will provide updates in future meetings or reports.

-  UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, Lordkizzy and guillermo had a call within the week where they went through the document and guillermo added his inputs onto the document. he also spoke on getting advance and Aj joining the project once they are done with the CSDB project.

- R&D Guild: We are going to onboard new proposals this quarter
-  UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Legacy 2.0: Kenichi noted that the landing page is complete and he has gotten all the data he needs and he would be mapping that to the SBT, he also gave some updates on the Weight rank system and Token metrics Updates, where he shared a document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17KSRbJolmKHK5IGQkG0denUf60iczoDaRDQAf9DBMs8/edit?usp=sharing

-  UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Social Media Automation tool: Lordkizzy noted that the tool has been in the testing  phase and is currently being used by members from Video wg, Writers wg, and Marketing guild, he pointed out that, hopefully, Rojo could come into the call and share a report on this


#### Decision Items:
- We decided that we are going to onboard new proposals this quarter

  - [**rationale**] We need to ensure the current team presents deliverables and takes up new proposals
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] ALL team members to provide a Quarterly report on projects in developments [**assignee**] Team members [**due**] 12 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to create a task force sheet for members to express interest in contributing to the Metta Coder Lab [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 12 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to schedule a call with guillermo  to structure the next proposal voting round [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 12 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to set up a call with all the team members on their projects [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 12 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Tool Development, AI tooling, Presentation, Operations , Workshop, Facilitation, CSDB
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy , Welcoming, Thoughtful , Friendly, Collaborative


## Thursday 30th January 2025




### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, Clement Umoh, AshleyDawn, EvelineTrinité, Effiom, advanceameyaw, Sucre n Spice, Tevo, hogantuso, osmium
- **Purpose:** Weekly Open Governance meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATED PROPOSAL DOCUMENT (ETHiopia event)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PwVR29es17imlhA4T1MGGewCFeVvMovHyEKxQh7V1qg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [“Budget caps for Q2” discussion](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kVd_4Ih-lSdMoIcmVeOS3_H3aqOdnMmMG6o1WqGTx1w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ANONYMISED: Using Program reserves for events: ETHiopia, 15th to 17th Feb 2025 (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ItpuSQCqWWq-HDwuiCkpdGRyUUDkCMemGKH0pke5QI0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meetings, 13th Dec and 17th Jan, on using Program reserves for event attendance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yggRVo_-VzjDPvlgJtxeEp0G8oLx6i8sGYmU9mJiTT0/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Clement presented his and AdvanceAmeyaw's revised proposal to attend  the ETHiopia event using funding from Reserves. They have addressed the issues raised in the consent form by:
- reducing overall cost by c. $1k
- reducing budget for accommodation
- staying 2 days at their own expense
- securing a presentation slot
- planning to distribute merch and brochures
- aiming to establish an Ethiopia branch of African Guild (during the time they are there at their own expense
- setting definite KPIs
- making some short videos, to use as part of a recap video later
- writing a post-conference report
- writing an article, in collab with Writers WG and Marketing Guild
- committing to a post-event retrospective meeting in the Ambassador Program itself, where we can look at how it went, and use that information to help finalise our thinking on when and in what circumstances Reserves should be used for attending events (see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yggRVo_-VzjDPvlgJtxeEp0G8oLx6i8sGYmU9mJiTT0/edit?usp=sharing)

The meeting noted that they have committed to a lot of work; and suggested they reduce some of their KPI targets (e.g. AI Ethics interviews from 20 to 10).

We also noted that where their proposal mentions "partnerships", they don't have the authority to initiate actual partnerships with sNET, so this will be reworded to make it clear that it is just about collating contacts, and passing them on where appropriate so that any potential partnerships can be explored.

We also noted that a useful KPI would be getting interested people to attend Ambassador TH and relevant WGs - Clement and Ameyaw will add this.

And we agreed that their attendance at the event is a test-case for how Reserves should be spent on events - so we will use their post-event report, plus insights from a retrospective meeting when they return, to inform our final decisions on this issue (see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yggRVo_-VzjDPvlgJtxeEp0G8oLx6i8sGYmU9mJiTT0/edit?usp=sharing)

Overall, the meeting agree that all the objections are addressed, so the proposal is approved; and we discussed how best to release funds (via a fund request on Dework).


We then ran through the document of suggestions on how to set Q2 2025 budget caps (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kVd_4Ih-lSdMoIcmVeOS3_H3aqOdnMmMG6o1WqGTx1w/edit?usp=sharing), with some minor discussion for clarification. We agreed that everyone will look at this doc properly in the next few days, and it will be discussed at the next meeting on Tues 4th Feb.



#### Discussion Points:
- Decision on AdvanceAmeyaw and Clemennt's proposal to use Ambassador Reserves funding to attend ETHiopia event in mid Feb
- Q2 2025 budget caps

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed that Advance and Clement's proposal to attend the ETHiopia event has been agreed, and they will go
  - [**rationale**] because their revised proposal has addressed all of the issues raised in the consent forms
  - [**opposing**] none
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agareed that Advance and Clement's final report, and a retrospective meeting when they return, will be used to help us finalise our thinking on establishing policy on when and how to use Reserves for attending events (see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yggRVo_-VzjDPvlgJtxeEp0G8oLx6i8sGYmU9mJiTT0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [**rationale**] attendance at the ETHiopia event is a test case, and we want to use it to help us establish policy.
  - [**opposing**] none
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Everyone to read and comment on the "'Budget caps for Q2' discussion" doc, ready for discussion in next meeting on Tues 4th Feb [**assignee**] all [**due**] 4 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to draft a timeline async for the Q2 budget decision process, to speed up the process of agreeing it in next meeting [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 4 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** events attendance, program reserves, budget reserve, budget caps, Q2 2024 budget, consent process, timeline
- **emotions:** calm, Good natured, focused, decisive

### WG Sync Call

No Summary Given

### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], CJFrankie [**documenter**], Clement, Advanceameyaw, Cjfrankie, SucrenSpice, Onize, Duke, esewilliams, Evelyn
- **Purpose:** The African Guild weekly meeting and progress updates.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Afro-AI Multilingual Literacy Workshops](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RayZffScx5b_I6B_5x5qInoKOG8xCIJT7nutUoRMuyI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.q5luq7qmyhhm)

#### Narrative:
Intro: The weekly meeting of the African guild kicked off with a welcoming greeting from Duke; Following a discussion from previous meetings, Duke made it clear that moving forward, the African guild will not be meeting weekly but rather on a biweekly schedule. 

Q4 marketing initiatives: From the marketing side of things, CjFrankie shared an update on the Q1 marketing initiative; he stated that the team is still brainstorming around what the best strategy would be for the guild in Q1. 

Education & translation initiative: This groundbreaking initiative is spearheaded by Sucre and Clement, whose vision is to create a communication-centered initiative focused on AI/ASI in the African context. We had a presentation from Clement, which included a clear explanation of the project. Still in its infancy, Clement added that Africa lags in communications around AI, and the goal of the project is to bridge the gaps using a multilingual educational approach to create and translate artificial intelligence materials in three African languages. More so, some of the major objectives of this project are to diversify AI, ASI, and the SingularityNET ecosystem at large. Develop a library of multilingual AI content that can be used for continuous learning and engagement and create a learning platform for mass adoption. 

The idea of creating a learning platform piqued Duke’s interest, which led to him asking further questions for clarity's sake: Clement clears the air by saying that the “learning platform” will be like a knowledge repository where people go for continuous knowledge sharing and learning, and the team may consider using a YouTube channel, while Duke suggested that Udemy will be a good platform to explore. This conversation switched gears as Duke talked about the importance of partnership in any project. At a glance, the initiative looks promising already, and there's a need to partner with some other WGs like the marketing guild, video, or writers WG to help us better amplify and publicize any future initiatives. 

Partnership: Duke hinted that phase two of Ubuntu and AI is already in progress; he added that phase one of Ubuntu and AI didn’t get the attention we needed, and as a result, the African guild should strengthen their ties with other workgroups to achieve great results. The meeting also included discussions about Clement and Advance Emmanuel, who recently received funding to travel to Ethiopia to spread awareness about SingularityNET and onboard new members through interviews and surveys. Congratulations to both Clement and Advance—cheers to a successful year ahead!




#### Decision Items:
- We have decided to revert to biweekly meetings.


  - [**rationale**] We have decided to meet biweekly moving forward owing to the fact that our budget might not sustain us if we keep running weekly meetings.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The marketing initiative team to showcase their Q1 deliverables by the next meeting.
 [**assignee**] esewilliams, CJFrankie, LadyTempestt, Ayo [**due**] 14 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] The Q4 marketing initiative team to select the winners of the ASI campaign.

 [**assignee**] esewilliams, CJFrankie, LadyTempestt, Ayo [**due**] 14 February 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** marketing initiatives, Partnership, education, Translation, learning platform, ai, ASI, SingularityNET, awareness, Ethiopia, multilingual, Marketing Guild, video & WWG
- **emotions:** insightful, informative, forward-thinking

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, advanceameyaw, martinsoki, PeterE, Santos, Malik, osmium, LordKizzy, Kateri
- **Purpose:** AI open discussion 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Blueprint for AI sandbox/Think tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit)
  - [Presentation Template](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGTr2f8gW8/YWrjpheKKdAoifI9pjrbsQ/view?utm_content=DAGTr2f8gW8&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=editor)
  - [Third Sandbox Presentation](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGXtSWFIzY/ybxkdIqo29rG55feJsCNyg/edit?utm_content=DAGXtSWFIzY&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton)
  - [Agenda Items AI Sandbox/Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ot2TBgCfUt3HGYoMPTFgqamBRNdiodaBA1A8yKhC_Ng/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Iteration Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1JgatonAmY27QNYv9aSV-TiykAFR0oIUfbKJ8LWtwPKc/edit?chromeless=1)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Meeting Coordination and Introductions: Lord Kizzy welcomed everyone a
- Strategy guild representation selection: Strategy guild is hosting a workshop and needs representatives from AI sand, so Vasu, LordKizzy and Malik agreed to represent the workgroup.

- Collaboration with education on Expert-Led workshops: Lord kizzy 
noted that education is organizing webinar series in relation to expert-led workshops and so we want to collaborate with them. 
Vasu noted that the Expert led is a deep drive into the project, which aim to leverage expertise into Singularitynet to educate and inspire the community.
He went further and said the workshop will feature presentations, case studies, modules delivered by experts which will help provide participants with in depth insights into AI applications, emerging trends and innovative solutions.
Purpose is to encourage collaboration and partnership.
- Open discussion: 
Ethical and regulatory issues and how researchers based AI could be going to prevent misuse? Peter stated that being centralized is being governed by single body and so could use AI for different application and sometimes it’s not properly governed which could cause harm. Ashley stated that establishing government work can help prevent the misuse of the centralized AI because the most complied to the existing regulations and such as data protection and privacy laws.

Security and trust, how can decentralized AI ensure secured data, transmission, and storage to prevent data breaches? Vasu stated that some of the companies have some biases upon trust and it has become a trust issue and not a security issue.

How can AI models improve without centralizing the data? Ashley stated that using secured aggregation techniques such as combining data from multiple source in which ensure confidentiality of the data. It will ensure secure data transmission and storage.

Will decentralized AI become the mainstream or will centralized AI always dominate? Peter said that is a believer in decentralized AI compared to centralized. But if people are using something they don’t care about centralized vs decentralized, they just care about using it.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided hold on any payment for now 
  - [**rationale**] Because AGIX is low and it will significantly affect our budget 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kateri to mentor Ashley [**assignee**] AshleyDawn, Kateri [**due**] 30 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to document next sandbox meeting  [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 6 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord kizzy, Vasu and Malik to represent us at strategy guild workshop  [**due**] 28 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Expert-led workshop, AI open discussion , AI regulation, Decentralized AI, Education Guild
- **emotions:** welcoming, informative, interactive, educational
## Friday 31st January 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Ayo, kenichi, LordKizzy, esewilliams, photogee, kareem, CJFrankie, Malik, Eric Davies, Kateri, advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, Evelyn, Gorga Siagian, Mikasa, SubZero, osmium
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Introductory message for the media room](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wir5N-gdtzXGVh-m6zy4zLtCIf0BY8nkA7YrdoFF9iQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 Marketing Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/168pruRm203FI-hAQSaVQ3wuz62bdgKKoDnKSu7dYI-M/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Ayo led the Marketing Guild call, where members reviewed action items from the last meeting and discussed the need for clarity on Twitter's service tiers. Eric Davies confirmed Malik attendance metrics, Ese walked the Guild project management board on GitHub to enhance task submissions and updates. Photogee and LordKizzy discussed upcoming initiatives, including the podcast and collaborations of Zealy with other workgroups, with a timeline set for a three-week sprint starting February 4. The purpose of the meeting was to emphasize the importance of aligning all members on their tasks and responsibilities.
- Discussion on Discord Channel Structure:
Ese Williams opened a discussion on the relevance of the current Discord channels considering the structural change in the Guild. Ayo led the conversation, and different members - LordKizzy and Kenichi - opted for a suggestion to merge the channels. There was an agreement to have one open channel for general discussions and another closed channel for activities, operations,initiatives, and information sharing.
- Discussion on Governance Document and Initiatives:
Ayo updated the status of the Governance document, informing that Kareem was absent from the previous meetings. Lordkizzy noted the need to merge the two current governance documents. Ayo confirmed that Ese was going to take on the task for the documentation. The social media channel in Discord was also brought up, and he confirmed all representatives had been added.
- Discussion on Merging Creative and Marketing Design Teams:
Kareem outlined an initiative focused on a comic project that promotes SingularityNet, suggesting a merger between the creative team and the marketing design group. He emphasized that combining these teams would reduce redundancy in design tasks and allow for better resource allocation. Ayo was confused about the overlapping between the two groups and sought clarification on how the merger would benefit both. Ayo led the discussion on merging the two entities, emphasizing the need for proper documentation for ease of comprehension. Kenichi added that the design team needed clarification on the process and that finding similarities between marketing efforts and the comic series needed to be established. LordKizzy inquired about the budget structure for the merger, prompting Ayo to request Kareem's commitment to prepare documentation for the next meeting.
- Discussion on the New Event Role and Responsibilities:
Ayo initiated a discussion about the new event role, He emphasized that there should be clear expectations from Cj Frankie on what is to be done. Kenichi explained that his original concept for the role involved a collaborative effort across the marketing guild, rather than it being solely the responsibility of one individual. He also mentioned having extensive documentation to support this initiative.
- Kelvin Wallet Issues Discussion:
Ayo mentioned the issue of the missing 100 AGIX, which the receiver transferred to an inaccessible wallet. Kenichi noted this was not the first time the participant had encountered this problem; this shows irresponsibility on the part of the participant for failure to update the wallet. Malik supported the motion that the participant is responsible for providing the correct wallet address.
- Discussion on Attendance and Task Allocation in Marketing Guild:
Ayo brought up Kenichi's absence from the November 15 meeting, which Kenichi attributed to attending the PIU event in Unilag. He stated that he had previously informed the team about his unavailability and discussed collaboration opportunities with other guilds. Ayo proposed checking meeting notes to confirm the details of Kenichi's communications regarding the event.
EseWilliams discussed the importance of confirming Kenichi attendance at events as an ambassador for SingularityNet, which could impact his role within the organization. Ayo O mentioned that verifying Kenichi's absence would help determine future actions, while also questioning the claim that the Marketing Guild was supposed to fund 50% of an initiative. 

- Critical Assessment and Restructuring of the Marketing Guild:
Lordkizzy highlighted the difficulties encountered by the marketing guild, particularly the lack of participation from core team members in essential meetings. He pointed out that despite multiple discussions, decisions could not be made due to insufficient attendance, leading to a reassessment of roles and responsibilities. The restructuring was deemed necessary to address these issues and improve overall commitment.

#### Decision Items:
- It was decided in the meeting to have one open channel for general discussion and another close channel for activities, operations and initiatives and information sharing.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ese to merge and present the Governance Doc. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**status**] todo
- [**action**] CJFrankie volunteered to do something for the guild  [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kenichi opted for a review on the November 15th attendance  [**assignee**] kenichi [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Governance, Meeting Summaries, Guilds , Roles, Ambassador GitBook
- **emotions:** Discursive, Deliberative, Well-attended