---
description: Mon 13th Jan - Sun 19th Jan 2025
---

# Week 03

## Monday 13th January 2025





### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Effiom, Tevo [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, effiom, tevo
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/lyGXP-AhHko)
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764612932039153&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base WG - Introduction to Knowledge Base WG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlHcTBzeJ0Y)
  - [KBWG Schedule on Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764601683623141&cot=10)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Miro Board and Activities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml_kDw09omQ)
  - [Managing Meeting Summaries Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4/)
  - [TEMPLATE Meeting Summary dd.mm.2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v4zoPFp25Wx2M28JY5XiXFgBCV454iq_9fKF9sykNxU)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Q1 2025 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I1KAFNsyQTtnXduB-q34MXsR63q-3g5eIbZh4AKdb-8/)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Q4 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o7oWhDiI4TScTqgWpORIO4_SMi-HMNw91LdOq9i4Fzo/)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Proposal Q1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lV5E52tbfTb6tSjkqZVwtp9su92AwvqQopCCce-8pIY/)
  - [Category Descriptions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NzpysgIDsZFigFJz4Tiik3h2l0X4FJTJC4xEbGiwsUw)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup Management - Distribute Action Items - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Selection of a meeting summariser and a reviewer for 13.01.2025
- New Meeting Summary template doc - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v4zoPFp25Wx2M28JY5XiXFgBCV454iq_9fKF9sykNxU
- Using Managing Meeting Summaries guide https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4 as Core Tasks guidelines

#### Decision Items:
- We are adopting a new meeting summary template using Google Docs
  - [**rationale**] Google docs is more user friendly compared to Miro, plus the final destination of meeting notes is the GitBook after it's been added to the summary tool and archived.
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom will draft the meeting summary and upload it to the summary tool. [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Tevo to review meeting summary and publish in Discord [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Tevo continues preparing the tool to generate Markdown files for the Knowledge Base GitBook [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Agenda item 2 - Review and Update KBWG Q1 2025 Report - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Quarter 1 2025 Report - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I1KAFNsyQTtnXduB-q34MXsR63q-3g5eIbZh4AKdb-8/
- Adoption of the fixed hourly AGIX rate for tasks and fixed AGIX amount
- Some fixed hourly rate tasks are meeting summary and review, preparation of meetings, and review of tasks
- Should we assign the report update to someone at the next meeting?

#### Decision Items:
- We will use the Exchange Rate (0.55) in Quarter 1. Hence, Hourly rate = Exchange Rate / 20 = 36 AGIX 
  - [**rationale**] This was the advised rate used when budgeting for Q1 2025
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to keep most of the tasks as fixed AGIX amount
  - [**rationale**] As the amount allocated is in AGIX 
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will reward 10 AGIX to those who add community engagement, but won’t reward if added through meeting summary
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Include this agenda item in the next Meeting Agenda and assign it to someone [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Everyone who has participated in any of the Knowledge Base calls can include engagement [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Agenda item 3 - Draft Q2 KBWG Proposal - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What helps to draft the Q2 proposal?

Knowledge Base WG Q1 2025 Report- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I1KAFNsyQTtnXduB-q34MXsR63q-3g5eIbZh4AKdb-8

Knowledge Base WG Q4 Report - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o7oWhDiI4TScTqgWpORIO4_SMi-HMNw91LdOq9i4Fzo

Knowledge Base WG Proposal Q1 2025 - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lV5E52tbfTb6tSjkqZVwtp9su92AwvqQopCCce-8pIY

- What should we focus on in Q2?
- User feedback, and uploading assets to Knowledge Base WG
- Moving back to the basic process of what the group was initially intended for
- Making all the relevant content created by the Ambassador Program easily accessible in an organized way


#### Decision Items:
- We will do a final collective review of the proposal at the February meeting
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] We will continue to check on the Q2 proposal topic again at the next meeting [**assignee**] all [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - GitBook Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- No new updates have been made to Category Descriptions - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NzpysgIDsZFigFJz4Tiik3h2l0X4FJTJC4xEbGiwsUw

#### Decision Items:
- First priority is creating descriptions
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Second priority is to organise selected demo items on GitBook
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom and AdvanceAmeyaw continue to show interest in providing descriptions [**assignee**] Effiom, advanceameyaw [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Workgroup management, Category Descriptions, Async work, Meeting attendance, Q2 2025 budget, Q2 2025 proposal, Q1 2025 report, task prioritising, meeting summary template, Meeting Summaries, community engagement, user feedback, Async, GitBook, Miro to GitBook, script
- **emotions:** low attendance, Organised, simple



### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], LadyTempestt [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, LadyTempestt, PeterE, AshleyDawn, Mikasa, advanceameyaw, Gorga Siagian, CollyPride, Clement Umoh, Sucre n Spice, TheFreysDeFi, martinsoki
- **Purpose:** Regular meeting of the AI Ethics WG
- **Working Docs:**
  - [2025 AI Conventions ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1n-qlSc2ji1Y1vScEpPCX6n7JfnpeduIpuT3RLs7o47c/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [2025 AI Conventions Discussion Agenda  _ 12092024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m89jxkScjBXxcw8l6IoozSF2VOG_g-oLyTpHt_dFkJI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG GitHub repo](https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues)
  - [AI Ethics WG stuff](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [WG Sync call feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf5c_9AyIgLGkmbG6zF-6ewhOfka6E8Obw7BFUOvcDM6fzdnw/viewform?usp=header)

#### Narrative:
We started by going through tasks “in progress” on Github;
We went through Q3 & Q4 Interviews updates from the assignees. Esther, Ætherblade and CallyFromAuron are still doing a quick review on the completed interview recordings to check if everything needed is in place before proceeding to payments.
AGI-24 payments to ambassadors involved; this will be resolved very soon(hopefully this month) with the foundation. We spoke a little bit more about how to sort future payments like this and get a fitting solution(invoice? Crypto? One-off contracts, etc). This discussion will also be taken up at the WG sync call for sure.
Documenting BeGIN open office: There may not be recordings for some of these meetings so Onize can't document them.
Admin team(WG Internal management, Co-Chair, WG Async Support, Community engagement, co-chair mentee) issues have been assigned to the respective assignees on GitHub.
Conferences and Events(discussed here https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/singularitynet-archive/timeline/2024/december-2024/week-50): What AI Ethics Event should we attend this year? Should we focus on the ones organized by SNET itself only or should we look outside too? Here is a sheet on a list of future events and conferences we could check out 2025 AI Conventions, conferences and events 
Colleen the community manager brought up community discussion on AI Autonomy as something she would like to do this quarter. It will be discussed more in the future. 
WG Sync calls: any topics from AI Ethics? There is a rolling agenda. There is also a handy Google form here https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf5c_9AyIgLGkmbG6zF-6ewhOfka6E8Obw7BFUOvcDM6fzdnw/viewform?usp=header  that collects feedback from people.
Onto tasks “in to-do” on Github
We got updates(and some sort of “no update”) from people doing interviews in Q3 & Q4.
Survey sharing: no updates on GitHub from most of the assignees. Moved a few of them who did it to “in progress” and ”done”. The point here is to show evidence that they have shared them and no point waiting until the interested participants fill them out.
Interview Transcription: We suggested that people who did interviews be the ones to initially transcribe the recordings since they are in the best position to understand the conversation. It also needs to be human-corrected. There will be a training session for it.
Knowledge management/data analysis planning: This has more to do with what happens after the interviews are collected, how we work with the material obtained and how we analyze them. 
Ideation and attracting donors: how are we going to attract donors of money, time, competing power and opinions? Colleen, TheFreysDefi, and Ese are the assignees.

Extra Connected AGI-24 payments topic
Payments in AGIX; is it a good idea? Is it too much of a risk? Price fluctuations in the crypto world make it not much of a good idea. Should we price tasks a little bit higher to protect people’s rewards? We could also set aside some sort of contingency budget for situations like that.



#### Decision Items:
- The remaining budget(if any) from BeGIN open office meeting documentation will go back to the WG purse.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will bring up the discussion on non-ambassador program payments in conjunction with the foundation we’ve been having to the next WG Sync call.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- People involved in Knowledge management/data analysis planning are going to meet any day after the 28th of January(29th I think).
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Ideation and attracting donors assignees are meeting on the 19th of February at 17:00 UTC.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] LadyTempestt to check-in with PG, Ese, Vasu and Duke about updates on their respective interviews(Q3&Q4). [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 31 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] LadyTempestt to check in with people involved in sharing of the BeGIN survey to see how it is going. [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 31 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] CallyFromAuron and LadyTempestt to sort out which set of the AI Ethics interviewers would like to transcribe the recordings or not. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron, LadyTempestt [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Clement to meet with CallyFromAuron to discuss something about an event in Africa on Conferences and Events. [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**status**] todo
- [**action**] CallyFromAuron to set a date for training on transcription. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** WG sync call, Survey sharing, Knowledge management/data analysis planning, Non-Ambassador program payments, AI Ethics Conferences and Events, Interview Transcription, Q3 & Q4 interviews
- **emotions:** quiet, Thoughtful , a bit dull



### Strategy Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Ayo, Effiom, PeterE, Clement Umoh, AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, Mikasa, martinsoki, kenichi, hogantuso, LordKizzy
- **Purpose:** Biweekly meeting of the Strategy Guild

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?gid=1268899826#gid=1268899826)
  - [The Strategy Guild Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1FVYpm_Q1r97pK8h1PdKX-ntyvDozv2d1GXYr-BNy8hA/edit)
  - [REPORT - STRATEGY GUILD  Q4 WORKSHOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rY2yjckO8n0h9PZR2RHz9rJEwqIQln9TbvCgj7fasaY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy review ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12-7c62Bbdc3M8EuWxbJEYfjPS7_cgJPIO4-40q5wnwk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Ayo welcomed everyone

Retrospective: Ayo stated that the guild is going to focus on the research towards helping the program achieve it aim and propose. 

Q4 workshop: Clement noted that last quarter we talked about cross collaboration, new approaches other guilds could adopt to hence the cross collaboration and he is looking forward to this being implemented.

Q1 budget in perspective research, workshop, collaboration and other initiative: Effiom noted that for the Q1 budget approval we were allocated 4,000 AGIX which is 2200 USD. He also noted that the guild will continue in our biweekly meetings which is a total of 7 meetings this quarter. He said the roaster for the quarter will be shared in the next meetings, he noted that due to the fact that treasury operator call is biweekly it means that task management will also be biweekly. For the initiatives and ideas, he noted that we are only going to have one research and one workshop this quarter though there are already some ideas from last quarter but new ideas can still come in and after we would decide as a guild and choose one.

Async follow up initiative: Effiom noted that we adopted this in Q4 because our first workshop was in Q3. The async follow up team in Q4 were to follow up on the initiative and ideas presented in the Q3 workshop and that of the async follow up team in Q1 are to focus and follow up on the initiative and ideas presented in Q4 workshop.

Q1 prospective: Ayo noted for Q1 workshop we can engage Gamers guild, AI Sandbox/Think tank, Archive workgroup and AI ethics workgroup. Gorga expressed interest to represent Gamers workgroup.

Ayo ask members for their ideas for Q1 workshop and research 
Gorga 
Kizzy mentioned that for the Q1 workshop he sees a synergy between Onboarding, AI Sandbox/Think tank and Gamers guild in terms of community engagement.
Clement mentioned that we could do a research to establish synergy between the regional expansion initiatives that we currently in the ambassador program 
Mikasa said we engaged on only three workgroup for the last quarter and so we should continue on that 
Peter said the workgroups to focus on for the workshop should be demand driven. We should cater for Workgroups that have certain demands.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Focus group to create roster for and present before next meeting
 [**assignee**] Ayo, Effiom [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Async, Workshop, research , Q1 2025 projections
- **emotions:** Casual, Thoughtful 



### Treasury Automation WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], André, Effiom [**documenter**], André, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw, Effiom, Malik, Onize, Tevo
- **Purpose:** We develop the Treasury System
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/L_t4n3uRCEo)
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKympo8o=/?moveToWidget=3458764612387608077&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link]( https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Treasury Automation WG Q4 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19q6KtuU8F7PQLW1sTMEDxCYFI3ig1sOeUbdf2Bm5kLY/)
  - [Treasury Automation WG Budget Estimations](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/2/d/19q6KtuU8F7PQLW1sTMEDxCYFI3ig1sOeUbdf2Bm5kLY)

#### Agenda item 1 - Monthly Development Updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Treasury Automation WG - 13.01.25 Development Updates video: https://youtu.be/e2wALHqltm0
- Treasury System Updates - January 2024 | Dework - Tevo: https://app.dework.xyz/catalyst-swarm/treasury-guild-41007?taskId=3018b61f-d50c-4b2f-8529-d9ded8d214f9
- Treasury System Updates - December 2024 | Dework - Andre: https://app.dework.xyz/catalyst-swarm/treasury-guild-41007?taskId=c2bce3b5-e2b6-49d6-88f1-49c83094fb3a
- No new documentation updates

#### Decision Items:
- We are skipping data source mapping updates until major changes are made to using GitHub imports
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Agenda item 2 - Quarterly Report and Proposal - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussed past and future treasury updates/features
- Reviewed the drafted Q1 Report: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19GosXpTVLk66D7yf8F3n4hsVzd1vlCZf5ir8pyUhOMc/
- How do our updates affect the Q1 report and Q2 proposal
- Swarm Treasury Proposal Budget Sheets: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1coX33XVbHMg_5TdJY0H4ZkXY7RuQSnMEwqWAQ7N7SeI/

#### Decision Items:
- Some items on the Q1 report will be updated async and some in the meeting; the rest of the not listed items will be reviewed and added in the meeting
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Community engagement updates will only be rewarded 10 AGIX if done async
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update Q1 Report async [**assignee**] André, Effiom, Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] We will review deliverables at the next meeting and create a Budget sheet in the meeting [**assignee**] André, Effiom, Tevo [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - New Treasury Features - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussed building a feature to capture Discord meeting attendance
- Discussed the possibility of hiring people if no one in the community can do a task
- Identified Treasury Administration Page feature and Archival Integration as possible Q3 features 
- Identified more possible features on Catalyst Proposal Google Sheets

#### Decision Items:
- Decided to ask the Ambassador Program if we can hire Freelancers
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Research Discord bot to capture Discord meeting attendance and time [**assignee**] André [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Workgroup Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting Summary Template: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v4zoPFp25Wx2M28JY5XiXFgBCV454iq_9fKF9sykNxU/
- Selection of a meeting summarizer and a reviewer for 13.01.2025

#### Decision Items:
- We are adopting a new meeting summary template on Google Docs
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Andre will draft the meeting summary and upload it to the summary tool [**assignee**] André [**due**] 16 January 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Effiom to review and publish in Discord [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 16 January 2025 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q2 Proposal, Q3 proposal, Q1 Report, Treasury Features, Treasury Automation, async work, Freelance developers, meeting attendance
- **emotions:** Collaborative



### Treasury Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Effiom, Tevo [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, onize, AshleyDawn, Effiom, LordKizzy, Tevo
- **Purpose:** Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVmEa4euAyo)
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLvZNwWM=/?moveToWidget=3458764612928949477&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Treasury Policy Submission Form (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-tAwCD3vrXNSbUdQApljTVMfFGVDJo6PBdM39CO73Uk/edit?gid=1814531250#gid=1814531250)
  - [Treasury Policy Feedback (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tlq_125RZp3C_uESRUy7mhYP1q7nbf7jdSE3b3iU46g/)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal Q1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dxcnnRhG_kFBmtvlmuiZ-Ddx_tcCeT9wq0_InuSkeGs/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)
  - [Managing Meeting Summaries](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.w0kflg2wx5ub)
  - [NEW TEMPLATE Meeting Summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v4zoPFp25Wx2M28JY5XiXFgBCV454iq_9fKF9sykNxU/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Treasury Guild - Miro Board Overview for 2025](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFmiK9tNA8o)
  - [Treasury Guild Q1 Report 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AND0meYR-owrW1yiURmB_DyAKhD15iRMh7JGx-Dl9Qs/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Treasury Guild Q4 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-oRrXO0jtVac1tK4lIdPndc7UBpNMULbmPGR0dfz_I/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Gamers Guild presentation]( https://youtu.be/ib8IoKSximY)

#### Agenda item 1 - Guild Management - Distribute Action Items - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Selection of a meeting summarizer and a reviewer for 13.01.2025
- How we manage Meeting Summaries https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nT2f4Mo5ySK26W6r2zNLMY-uDKiRNdNRXLzykONUIR4
- New template for Meeting Summaries https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v4zoPFp25Wx2M28JY5XiXFgBCV454iq_9fKF9sykNxU
- Treasury Guild 2024 Miro Board Overview: https://youtu.be/qFmiK9tNA8o

#### Decision Items:
- We are adopting a new meeting summary template on Google Docs
  - [**rationale**] Google docs is more user friendly when compared to Miro, plus the final destination of meeting notes is the gitbook after its been added to the summary tool and archived.
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Effiom will draft the meeting summary and upload it to the summary tool.

 [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Tevo to review and publish in Discord [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] done

#### Agenda item 2 - Review and Update Treasury Guild Quarter 1 Report - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Quarter 1 2025 Report https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AND0meYR-owrW1yiURmB_DyAKhD15iRMh7JGx-Dl9Qs
- Adoption of the fixed hourly AGIX rate for tasks and fixed AGIX amount
- Some fixed hourly rate tasks are meeting summary and review, preparation of meetings, and review of tasks

#### Decision Items:
- We will use the Exchange Rate (0.55) in Quarter 1. Hence, Hourly rate = Exchange Rate / 20 = 36 AGIX
  - [**rationale**] This was the advised rate used when budgeting for Q1 2025
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to keep most of the tasks as fixed AGIX amount
  - [**rationale**] As the amount allocated is in AGIX 
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Include this agenda item in the next Meeting Agenda and assign it to someone [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Treasury Guild Quarter 2 Proposal - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What helps to draft the Q2 proposal?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dxcnnRhG_kFBmtvlmuiZ-Ddx_tcCeT9wq0_InuSkeGs
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-oRrXO0jtVac1tK4lIdPndc7UBpNMULbmPGR0dfz_I
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AND0meYR-owrW1yiURmB_DyAKhD15iRMh7JGx-Dl9Qs
- What could we add to the proposal to improve Treasury Management in the Ambassador Program?
- Treasury Guild is mainly for maintenance and is not planning to produce any new assets for the Ambassador Program
- No new ideas or needs were surfaced

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo will draft the Q2 proposal [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Effiom will review the drafted proposal [**assignee**] Effiom [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Agenda item 4 - Gamers Guild Presentation - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Gamers Guild presentation https://youtu.be/ib8IoKSximY
- Treasury Guild now rewards for participation

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Include Treasury Operations WG meeting time [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Look into relevant links if something else would fit the scene [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 5 - Treasury Operations Schedule - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- When should Treasury operations happen?
- How do we address the overlap with the Marketing Guild?
- Active treasury operators who are also members of the Marketing Guild
- No concerns from the other members other than lord kizzy were raised about the conflict of time.

#### Decision Items:
- Tevo agreed to switch with Lord Kizzy, as Kizzy found his schedule date to be conflicting 
  - [**rationale**] Kizzy schedule was conflicting with Marketing Guild meeting
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will have another scheduled sentiment check by next quarter for the operations call
  - [**rationale**] Because some people have raised concerns of the time clashing with other WG meetings
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Confirm who else has a conflict and wants to switch [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Miro Board, Guild Management, Q2 proposal, Q1 Report, Database, Treasury Operations, Budget 


## Tuesday 14th January 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, guillermolucero, osmium, Duke, hogantuso, AshleyDawn, Effiom
- **Purpose:** Weekly Governance WG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 2025 budget decision retrospective: Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLtid06I=/)

#### Narrative:
This session was a retrospective of the consent process for  Q1 2025 workgroup budgets.

See the Miro board here https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLtid06I=/

Everyone present agreed that the implementation of budget caps has been broadly a success, especially in that it saved time and made the process less onerous; and most said that caps should be used again for Q2. However, several people noted that some of the higher-budget workgroups were not entirely happy at the enforced lowering of their budgets; and that we still need to discuss and refine the process of setting caps and e.g deciding how a WG's cap can be changed.

We noted that this last topic is on the rolling Governance WG agenda for our next meeting on Thurs 16th Jan.






#### Discussion Points:
- Retrospective on the consent process for Q1 budgets

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** core contributors, participation, consent decision making, consent process, budget caps
- **emotions:** Thoughtful , focused, participatory
## Wednesday 15th January 2025


### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, Gorga Siagian, Kateri, LordKizzy, Malik, Mikasa, osmium, TheFreysDeFi, hogantuso, Slate
- **Purpose:** Wiki Website Discussions - AI For Beginners - Governance workshop - Presentation Series - Certification Program Retro Session/Feedback 
- **Working Docs:**

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Wiki Website Discussions
- AI For Beginners
- Governance workshop
- Presentation Series
- Certification Program Retro Session/Feedback 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting greeting everyone 
- The meeting started with focus shifting to the wiki website updates , Franklyn was not present in today's meeting as well leading to no updates from that side
- Osmium had some queries in regards to the website creation that why wasn't figma used for the creation of design as canva is hard for implementation of it - Queries were answered by Gorga and Slate 
- Slate mentioned that he is not working on the website and then afterwards a look at the website budget request was put , in which we have budget for implementation of hosting 
- Afterwards Slate mentioned that ese wont be joining today and that the udpates from Ai For beginners will be shifted to next week 
- Then on Ai For beginners Tuso had a question in regards to the payment plan for each video as the payment for videos being 75 USD is less for a 15 min long video 
- IT was cleared by SLate that the reward ratio is 1:1 and the rewards for each participatns is 150 USD per video 
- Then Osmium mentioned that he is working on governance workshop and that the task for the blueprint creation should be 40 USD per person , AFter wards there was a quick look taken on the governance workshop budget as well 
- Then Slate mentioned that he is still waiting for Kenichi for the udpates on Presentation Series as its been delayed due to holidays 
- AFter wards Slate said that we have to hold a retrospective session for CCCP to get feedback from Participants, and also how we can improve - Announcement task taken by Gorga - Miro Creation taken by Osmium 

#### Decision Items:
- Certification Program Retrospective Session to be held next week 
  - [**rationale**] mostAgreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil 
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Wiki website Domain name suggestions taken , which would be put to vote 
  - [**rationale**] most agreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Gorga to work on announcements   [**assignee**] gorega [**due**] 20 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Osmium to work on Miro creation for feedback session  [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 20 January 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** CCCP, website, design, Task Assignment, AI for beginners
- **emotions:** productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike.



### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], lord kizzy [**documenter**], lord kizzy, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw, guillermolucero, AJ, PeterE, osmium, hogantuso
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Slides on the voting results ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M3o8dlh1pSB0PDaWM3sjlN2LQMaTjp8A_5DoXXXXIQE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- Facilitation in Q1
- Open discussion
How to implement the potential outcome of AI SandBox & AI Think Tank in the R&D Guild in the next quarters.
- MeTTa Coders Lab Discussion
- Good bye messages

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Advance went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members
- Retrospective and goals for 2025: we had a retrospective session where members contributed on their views 
- R&D Guild MeTTa Coders Lab  Initiative: We presented a proposal for the RFPs and we are awaiting a confirmation, we also need to create a taskforce for the Metta Coder lab
- Follow up on the CSDB: AJ noted that rojo suggested that they build  on the domain and there are still further discussions to be made on this
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, Lordkizzy has provided a report on his deliverables and Guillermo will review and  merge his report with the existing one
- R&D Guild: We are going to onboard new proposals this quarter

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that we are going to onboard new proposals this quarter
  - [**rationale**] we need to ensure the current team present deliverables and take up new proposals
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Lordkizzy and guillermo to have a call to discuss on the governance dashboard project [**assignee**] LordKizzy, guillermolucero [**due**] 22 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] ALL team members to provide a Quarterly report on projects in developments [**assignee**] Team members [**due**] 22 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to provide a report on the Governance dashboard [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 25 December 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Guillermo to create a task force sheet for members to express interest in contributing to the Metta Coder Lab [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 22 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to see how we could utilize the UI sandbox tool for the R&d Guild [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 22 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Tool Development, AI tooling, Presentation, Operations , Workshop, Facilitation, CSDB
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy , Welcoming, Thoughtful , Friendly, Collaborative


## Thursday 16th January 2025

### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], Clement, Advanceameyaw, Cjfrankie, Martin Soki, SucrenSpice, esewilliams, LadyTempestt, Nebula, Kateri, hogantuso, Ayo, nebula, AndrewBen, Eric Davies, Mikasa, Onize
- **Purpose:** The African Guild weekly meeting.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [African Guild Meeting: 14th November 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JCPqPmrQzY1Ehu7rOLeEgJwwTXN-oKVDjBeAsPp_Xw4/edit)
  - [Documentation with roaster for Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YvuwMHJJ1unNzhCz2vkTL_JxflucAEmz/edit#heading=h.gjdgxs)
  - [African guild meeting: 8th January 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10rmrozUMewGrZzTm7nB4HYAvonR8wjRaP54cgGk-1gM/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Introduction: The meeting started with a warm welcome from Duke, who asked if we should continue the greetings in multiple languages. Clement responded that it should be ceremonial, maybe once a month or every first meeting of the month someone can be assigned to lead it.

Action item from last meeting was looked into and followed up.

Q4 AMA report: Duke noted that we have the audio reports but still need a written format of the report, which Ayo replied that the written report is ready.

Q4 marketing initiation update: CJ Franklin updated that nomination of four individual has been made for there outstanding submissions and the announcement will be made on the discord channel which will lead to a vote to determine the first, second, third and fourth places. The vote will determine the winners 

AMA session: This was held on 29th of November, which has at least 50 participant. They all came together to talk about the African landscape and how we are relating with AI and it was led by two amazing speakers Kosiso Udodi the founder of Colossai AI and Daniel Effiom the COO of Reno search. During the session there was icebreaker activities, speakers talk, interactive quizzes, closing remark and Q&A sessions.
The main objective for the AMA was to have people express there concerns and questions regarding AI which was achieved. Questions were buzzing, interaction was great and feedback was awesome. We marketed this event on various social media platforms both individually and also in the SingularitNet ecosystem.
Weaknesses: We had connectivity issues and also we expected wider reach not just Nigerians but other African nations which we didn't have.
Key learning: From the session we learned about the roadblocks or the obstacles that Africans is having concerning adopting artificial intelligence solution as fast as the Western world or the European world are doing and it was noted to be just a thing of infrastructure and economical challenge which is largely associated with governmental policies and out of our control. But at the same time we spoke on the essence of having practical solution in healthcare, education and basic things that we are dealing with within Africa that's the Europeans and western world already has.
Participants recommended that they should be better pre event communication, better details on events, better marketing strategy to reach more people, technical support for managing collectivity issues.
We conclusion the event by speaking on our Future events.

Duke also added that for the future iteration of the AMA session, we should discuss more on SingularityNet focused conversations.


Partnership: During the holiday Hogantuso reached out to Chainbase led in African. Hogan stated that Chainbase is an AI project, and so he spoke with the led and they would love to be in a collaboration with SingularityNet. Duke also stated that this is a great opportunity and since we have no issue will cross ecosystem collaboration, we could leverage on to promote SingularityNet ecosystem and the ambassador program but there is some constraints we may have due to resources 

Q1  2025 budget fitting:  The focus group met over the week to fit our budget. It was noted that we requested 5,220 USD and the budget was broken down and fitted into Q1 activities which amounted to the allocated budget but because of our outstanding payment  from Q4, we are left with 3,450 USD and because of this we have had to cut down so many things including our weekly meetings, we would have to revert to bi weekly meetings to reduce cost.

Ubuntu and AI II: This phase two of the Ubuntu and AI project is mostly going to focus on consolidation and community building. We are looking at expanding our reach by hosting the Ubuntu and AI conversations in Egypt, South Africa, Rwanda and Ghana. 
Duke stated that the goal is to deepen our engagement within African communities, promote Ubuntu philosophy and AI ethics  and formalizing more partnerships and secure core funding.
This is a year long project, during of 12 months from January 2025 to December 2025. 

Duke discussed the SingularityNet Africa community's online platforms and a referral contest aimed at boosting engagement which top three will be rewarded. He highlighted the community's current membership is 257.
Duke also outlined marketing and education initiatives for this quarter which will including partnerships beyond the Singularity ecosystem. Which may lead to funding members attendance at AI and blockchain events across Africa.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The Q4 marketing initiative team to select the winners of the campaign. [**assignee**] esewilliams, CJFrankie, Ayo, LadyTempestt [**due**] 23 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AMA session,  Q1 budget, marketing initiatives, Collaboration, Partnership
- **emotions:** informative, Welcoming, productive
## Friday 17th January 2025


### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, TheFreysDeFi, Ayo, CJFrankie, LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, kareem, Eric Davies, kenichi, advanceameyaw, photogee, Kateri, PeterE, Mikasa, vasu
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Introductory message for the media room](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wir5N-gdtzXGVh-m6zy4zLtCIf0BY8nkA7YrdoFF9iQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 Marketing Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/168pruRm203FI-hAQSaVQ3wuz62bdgKKoDnKSu7dYI-M/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Last Meeting Summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11uRbqgslArxECwS0Ra43kLy9araLNu0imRQtLATT0gA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [2024 Recap: Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KonV6dtxw9_NduwrUoEOHp1Ww5u2QQQuoQin9jAvDGo/edit)

#### Discussion Points:
- Last Meeting Recap: Reviewed retrospective on Q3 and Q4 performance and discussed the outlook for Q1.
- Role Swaps and Positions: Kizzy created a sheet for core members to indicate role swaps and check for available positions.
- Activity Summary: C.J. Frankie compiled a document summarizing Q3 and Q4 activities and also shared the link during the meeting.
- Attendance Review: Ayo highlighted poor attendance and performance metrics, leading to discussions about role swaps based on task performance and attendance.
- Mascot Initiative: Kareem emphasized that the mascot initiative was aimed at educating and enlightening people, mentioning that there is a comic series and its ongoing nature.
- Marketing Opportunity: Kevin shared a picture taken at the International Weightlifting Federation World Championships, wearing an SNET-branded shirt, and suggested sharing it on platforms to promote the brand.

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed that All individuals handling tasks or initiatives are required to contribute reports towards the town hall meeting for presentation at month end.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kareem will prepare to present the governance document during the next call. [**assignee**] kareem [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Roles, Town Hall update, Marketing initiative
- **emotions:** Friendly, Well-attended, cool, forward-looking



### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Zalfred [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], Zalfred, AndrewBen, killy, frosh, osmium, Slate, devon, hogantuso, LordKizzy, Malik, AshleyDawn, prime.eth, SubZero
- **Purpose:** The meeting focused on weekly updates and tasks distribution
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- UPDATE FROM THE TASK MANAGER
A quick update from Malik on various tasks assigned within the week. He highlighted that there were multiple video submissions and two got approved and scheduled for posting while one of them needed correction
- Update from the Social Media Manager, Andrew Ben noted that he was able to post 10 long videos and 5 shorts, he also pointed out that he was previously having issues with the mastodon and twitter logins

- Town hall updates: Zalfred gave the updates from the previous town hall. 
- Goals for Q1: Lordkizzy spoke on reaching out to ecosystem spin-off projects for collaboration on video creation, he also spoke on how we could raise the level of engagement on our content through the zealy platform and also said he was going to need a representative from video wg for a call to structure the collaboration
- AOB: Vasu shared some pictures of the ASI summit in Bangkok. zalfred pointed out that he made use of the inside SingurarityNET article as the source for the ecosystem update video, since the foundation has yet to provide more articles on this, the discussion on the change arose and a suggestion to reach out to rojo to get feedback was agreed upon
- AOB: ECOSYSTEM Update Videos: Zalfred and Killy proposed creating the leftover ecosystem videos

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that lordkizzy is to reach out to Rojo and get feedback on the situation
  - [**rationale**] Those videos need to go out as soon as possible

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Osmium to present the videos from Bangkok  [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 24 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to submit a short report on the video workgroup achievements to Peter [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 24 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**]  lordkizzy to reach out to Rojo and get feedback on the situation [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 24 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Video Edit, Q1 2025 goals, Ecosystem Update videos, Zealy, Town Hall Videos
- **emotions:** Friendly, speedy , Collaborative, Thoughtful 


## Saturday 18th January 2025

### Gamers Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], devon [**documenter**], malik, rebel, AshleyDawn, lord kizzy, Kateri, Gorga Siagian, TheFreysDeFi, Slate
- **Purpose:** regular biweekly meeting of Gamers' Guild
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- Voice-Changing Zones Presented by Slate: Slate demonstrated three color-coded zones (white, red, green), each modifying players’ voices differently (e.g., amplified, echo, robotic).
- Slate encouraged current map creators to incorporate these zones into fun builds, speech competitions, or intercom systems in the main VR experience.
- Slate showcased realistic, wind-influenced trees that enhance immersion and visual appeal.
- slate recommended dynamic trees for creators working on forested or outdoor areas of the main Ambassador Program on Roblox. Trees can be customized to sway faster or slower.
- Treasury Guild Feedback Relayed by Kizzy: Add a second dashboard for Budget Planner or resource tracking in the Treasury Guild’s meeting room.
Add both Treasury Guild session times and Treasury Operations call times to the dashboard displaying the meeting date and time.
Information in the dialogue system is outdated and needs to be updated.
- Kizzy noted that more adjustments might be needed, pending final feedback from Tevo and other Treasury members.

- Slate emphasized that assets should not simply be templates from various sites; they must reflect the SingularityNet theme, or they will be rejected.

#### Decision Items:
- Treasury guild model will be updated
  - [**rationale**] feedback from treasury guild members
- Map Creators to integrate the voice-changing zone scripts and dynamic tree assets in VR Map.
  - [**rationale**] to enhance the overall realism and interactivity of the VR map

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Animation & Dialogue System - Education Guild [**assignee**] malik, hufiumer69 [**due**] 1 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Animation and dialogue system - Treasury Guild [**assignee**] martinsoki, scare-crow [**due**] 1 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Department Creation - RnD Guild [**assignee**] AshleyDawn, SubZero [**due**] 1 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Department creation - Writers WG [**assignee**] lord kizzy, devon [**due**] 1 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Slate will provide access to both the voice-changing zone scripts and dynamic tree assets for any creator who wishes to implement them. [**assignee**] Slate [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kizzy, Scarecrow, and Martin will collaborate to update the Treasury Guild  [**assignee**] martinsoki, scarecrow, LordKizzy [**status**] todo

#### Game Rules:
Squidgame - the first one to reach end of the game wins


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Rebel

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Roblox, metaverse, department Creation, work updates, Map creation, VoiceChangingZones, DynamicTrees, TreasuryGuild
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, informative, Building, contributive
- **games played:** squidgame