---
description: Mon 20th Jan - Sun 26th Jan 2025
---

# Week 04

## Tuesday 21st January 2025

### GitHub PBL WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Gorga Siagian, Tevo [**documenter**], Tevo, Gorga Siagian, Malik, AshleyDawn, Effiom, LadyTempestt, Onize, Sebastian Pabon, SubZero, Sucre n Spice
- **Purpose:** We are creating a PBL course on Andamio about GitHub features and use cases to manage

- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764613441813209&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR8Ef8KFLdk)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [GitHub PBL Structure](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764601828301755&cot=10)
  - [Register to GitHub Stuff (Googleform)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwIsf_GS29MAjQSzpnDYv_X1yejNRjn6Gjt2othqtiXAFhAg/viewform)
  - [PBL WG Proposal Q1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YPg0iHYmhrF2KOKEhzehzw4Trd-wQ_s4faubS3FpF_c/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.l832kyptxzsj)
  - [PBL WG Proposal Estimated Cost Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dPVsCGCuvp1nBxRM5zJteWZt7_J4ezbx6iB7Sc8VcHM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Github PBL Quarterly Report - Q4 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mGFj0ncsCFoS4eoOGBtCilFUjuMAcJXbh-7eJ4ItWSg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Process of Managing Meeting Summaries (GitHub PBL WG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR8Ef8KFLdk)

#### Agenda item 1 - Workgroup management  - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Dework Board For Task Management

- Guiding Material For Meeting Summaries
10min [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR8Ef8KFLdk) on How we manage meeting summaries in general?

- Draft Quarter 1 Report

#### Decision Items:
- missing a lot of time recognition from Dework Lessons so no Lessons have been rewarded yet

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Gorga creates meeting summaries and Tevo reviews them after using voting.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Draft Quarter 1 Report Can use previous reports and proposals as reference material


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Gorga to create meeting summary
 [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Tevo to review meeting summary
 [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 27 January 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Malik to  create Draft Quarter 1 Report
 [**assignee**] Malik [**due**] 21 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to review Draft Quarter 1 Report
 [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 21 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Finalise and Upload Lessons to Andamio - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We reviewed Introduction and Course Requirement module

- What issues we ran into as Andamio Course creators?

- What changes we should do for lessons?

- Improvements suggested on Feedback Form
- Filling form took about 7 to 25mins even for a simple one, might need to consider it for reward formula


#### Decision Items:
- Currently Students should expect to take lesson in Desktop Computer. Andamio is not yet mobile friendly

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- filling form took about 7 to 25mins even for a simple one, I might need to consider it for reward formula

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Everyone to use the Opening Question as for the title of each lesson (currently its Learning target or document title). Opening Questions can be found on [Miro Board at Structure View](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764601828301755&cot=10)

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Andamio to update site to allow shareing assignments. Currently Course creators can not create “courseNftPolicyId”
 [**assignee**] Andamio Team [**due**] 21 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] We found Andamio Issues while testing our GitHub PBL Course: more details with pictures can be found on [GitHub PBL miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLYXTJ_M=/?moveToWidget=3458764613715484385&cot=14)

1. Error Msg “MODULE_NAME is not live!” is displayed, but we see it publickly visible page.
2. Navigation doesn't always work left side (Doesnt work for Module 101, URL changed by clicking navigation, but content did not, and sometimes work for other navigations and sometimes not. )
3. Trying to add course member gives error
4. The intial pop up texts don't resize with browser screen, requires people to resize their computer screen in order to scroll down and click pop up away
5. Some UI elements are as white squares and miss information
6. After saving file with new edit, it deleted all the edits and loaded the previous version (We were able to get a previous text back by pressing Ctrl+Z).

 [**assignee**] Andamio Team [**due**] 21 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Onize to update the lesson 101.1 with include alue addition from the Proposal + Goals and include the link Recent Proposals and include the Miro Board link.
 [**assignee**] Onize [**due**] 21 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Onize to Remove or adjust lesson 101 introduction final 2 messages to be more related to current usecases in Ambassador Program
 [**assignee**] Onize [**due**] 21 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - What data we loose if Dework Goes down for good? - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Templates and practiced experience to recognise value. Proof of linked assets and operations related to the contribution

- What data we retain? We currently find the title of activity and its assiociated labels more relevant than the detailed data itself in Dework. The dework task is audited at the point of value validation and afterwards the transaction data is becomes important as it indicates value

- How we continue?


#### Decision Items:
- We continue to strive for integrating Github Project Board with Treasury Management System 

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Workgroup Management, Quarter 1 Report, Rewards, PBL Course Project, Andamio PBL Courses Issue, PBL Courses on Andamio 
- **emotions:** Collaborative, insightful


## Wednesday 22nd January 2025


### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], FranklynStein, AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, esewilliams, frosh, Gorga Siagian, kenichi, LordKizzy, Malik, Mikasa, osmium, Zalfred, maxmilez, Slate
- **Purpose:** Wiki Website Update by Franklyn- AI For Beginners Update by Ese- CCCP process- Webinar Series- Governance workshop - Presentation Series-Certification Program Retro Session/Feedback 
#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Wiki Website Update by Franklyn
- AI For Beginners Update by Ese
- Webinar Series
- CCCP process
- Governance workshop
- Presentation Series
- Certification Program Retro Session/Feedback(Shift to async)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting greeting everyone 
- The meeting started with a presentation from Franklyn in regards to the Wiki website creation in which various pointers were given by Slate in order to improve the website 
- Changes will be implemented by Franklyn in regards to the website by next week
- An update was given by ese for the ai for beginners project that she is back from the break and will be taking a look at the approved videos and also for the new video if any would be available to be posted for vote
- Then she also mentioned that she is checking out the previous work of people in regards to SEO and graphics for her to select the best candidate for the task 
- Then the initial document was presented by clement and ese in regards to the project Webinar Series, the document looked solid , osmium notified that ai sandbox and thinktank is also doing something similar 
- Slate said that we could collaborate with sandbox and thinktank in regards to this to implement this ,ese and clement will reach out to sandbox in regards to this to get more clarity 
- Then a miro was presented by osmium showcasing the process of certification program on which Slate commented that its the same process as was used before and that he would personally be refining its process
- Osmium also shared the initial document for the project Governance workshop and that now he would be moving forward with its blueprint 
- AFter wards Slate said that we have to hold a retrospective session for CCCP to get feedback from Participants, and also how we can improve - Announcement task taken by Gorga - Miro Creation taken by Osmium 
- Kenichi gave an update on the presentation series that he is working with the module 1 person in regards to this and that he will go module by module for each step 
- Certification Program Retro Session/Feedback will be shift to asyn form due to low participation today 

#### Decision Items:
- Certification Program Retro Session/Feedback will be shift to asyn form due to low participation today 
  - [**rationale**] mostAgreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil 
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- ese and clement will reach out to sandbox in regards to this to get more clarity 
  - [**rationale**] most agreed 
  - [**opposing**] nil 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Frank to make adjustment in the website design  [**assignee**] FranklynStein [**due**] 29 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Slate to udpate osmium process miro  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 29 January 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Create retrospective form  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 29 January 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** CCCP, announcement, design, Task Assignment, AI for beginners, Wiki website
- **emotions:** productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike.



### LatAm Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], SergioBenaR [**documenter**], guillermolucero, andrea reyes, SergioBenaR
- **Purpose:** Retrospective 2024, roadmap Q1 and task assignment.
- **Meeting video:** [Link](No available)
- **Transcript:** [Link](No available)
- **Working Docs:**

#### Agenda item 1 - Onboarding subgroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
As part of LatAm_SNET's objectives, we constantly seek to have active members committed to the mission of SingularityNET and its ecosystem. Andrea Reyes joins the team of ambassadors, highlighting her participation and contributions in Deep Funding circles.


#### Decision Items:
- Andrea Reyes joins the Latam_SNET working groups to have the participation of people who are part of the SingulatiryNET ecosystem in Mexico.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Andrea Reyes will be added to the official organization and communications system of the Latam_SNET working groups. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 30 enero 2025 [**status**] done

#### Agenda item 2 - Strategy Subgroup - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
One of the objectives of LatAm_SNET is to have the participation and representation of different Latin American countries. Currently, the team of ambassadors has members from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil and Mexico, with Colombia being the country in which we do not yet have an ambassador. It is important to continue the search for this member from Colombia, who, if possible, could have a technical profile.


#### Decision Items:
- Latam_SNET ambassadors and working group members will be looking for people from Colombia who can join the Latam_SNET team, also events all over Latin America in which SingularityNET might be interested in participating as a sponsor, ally, speaker facilitator or as a guest.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Search for people from Colombia interested in artificial intelligence and blockchain technology in Latin American communities who can complement the team, for example, in technical aspects. [**assignee**] andrea reyes, guillermolucero, Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR [**due**] 30 enero 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Search for events in Latin America and by country in which SingularityNET might be interested in participating. [**assignee**] guillermolucero, andrea reyes, Martin Rivero, SergioBenaR [**due**] 30 enero 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** retrospective, task assignment, New members, Mexico, Colombia


## Thursday 23rd January 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], martinsoki, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, osmium, Duke, hogantuso, AshleyDawn, Effiom, Clement Umoh, LordKizzy, AJ, Kateri, Slate, martinsoki
- **Purpose:** Weekly Governance WG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 2025 budget decision retrospective: Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLtid06I=/)
  - [Ambassador program core contributors=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VW10ZrPOrRBQ_E1T-g9N7POcZaGsq3C0Vr6ygVzMoGU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program Core Contributors criteria](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13uPKVnooFowpoxRBZJH71iIbHUyoOokdn_RCDvp_RHI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Proposal to Attend ETHiopia (the First EthConference in Ethiopia)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p2dRPKG6g4mrc3lPizO4EWHNn6sG_2ZNQMJ1nV45sls/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ Meetings, 13th Dec and 17th Jan, on using Program reserves for event attendance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yggRVo_-VzjDPvlgJtxeEp0G8oLx6i8sGYmU9mJiTT0/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Criteria for core contributors:

In the last round, there was room for self-nomination and nomination by others, for people that didn't reach the criteria for getting the core contributor role.

The meeting  noted Tevo's comments in the GovWG Discord channel about the rewards threshold and participation threshold: "Some of the downsides come because the rewards are more centralised to current core contributors and seems high earners are earning even more funds compared to last quarter, leaving out less tasks for people to reach 1000 AGIX threshold. In addition the core contributor list by rewards also affected by the price changes. The higher the AGIX price goes, the harder is to reach the threshold. However, the majority of renominated members are due to not attending enough meetings or not being recognized. From next quarter if people interested we can double down on Process Guild service to import Zoom participation to Treasury Manager, for now I do not know if we have funds for that. we definitely have the capability (even if still semi-automated)".

and from Vani: "But interestingly, this means we have 60 core contributors this time - and (what I am pretty sure is) a record 20% having been manually nominated.
Hmmm... does this suggest we need to have a look at the criteria? Or are the criteria fine, and these are just anomalies?"

Currently we use:

1. Time-based recognition
What does "participation" mean? Is it just for passively attending meetings, or for actually taking part? speaking, commenting in Chat, etc)
Vani noted that for now it is based only on attendance - we can't easily capture who is contributing in a meeting, as it could be complex to capture who spoke or commented in Chat.

2. Fund request recognition
Clement noted that the criterion for having to be rewarded with at least 1000 AGIX in the last three months is not fair because of fluctuation in token price.

Peter noted that we don't require both time-based recognition and fund request recognition: it's either / or.
However, the meeting still felt that the threshold should be in USD, not AGIX, to minimise the effects of token price fluctuation.
After discussion, we agreed the threshold should be 300 USD a quarter.


Self nomination:

Should self-nomination continue to be possible, for people who have not reached the criteria for being a core contributor?
Vani raised the issue of potential hostile capture if people can self-nominate, and suggested there should be no self-nomination; nominations should have to be made by an existing Core Contributor.
Peter said he thinks it would usually be OK if a person is new and nominates themself.
A poll was drawn and 11 people out of 14 said there should be no self nomination, but we agreed that we will revisit the decision after the end of Q1 2025.


Proposal for Attendance at the ETHiopia conference  https://eth-iopia.xyz/
By Clement and Advanceameyaw 
They would like to be funded from Program reserves to represent sNET at this event.
We noted that 2 focus groups have met to discuss criteria for using Reserves for event attendance - their recommendations have not yet been discussed or ratified, but this proposal meets most of them except a suggested budget limit per person. However, we also noted that this suggested limit may be too low - flights within Africa are very expensive, so a low budget limit could have the unintended effect of preventing African’s from attending African events 
The proposal was explained and we concluded that the proposal should be posted in Discord for all core contributors to consent or object,  and the results should be discussed in the Open Governance meeting on Thurs 28th Jan.




#### Discussion Points:
- Criteria to be core contributor
- Self nomination 
- attendance at ETHiopia conference

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to change the fund request recognition criterion for becoming a Core Contributor from 1000 AGIX to 300 USD
  - [**rationale**] Because, given that many WGs set task prices in USD, having the threshold in AGIX makes it unfairly difficult to become a core contributor when token price is low.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided that for the coming Quarter (Q2 2025) self-nomination will no longer be possible 
  - [**opposing**] we agreed that we will revisit this decision after the end of Q1 2025
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to make a consent form for the proposal to attend the ETHiopia event in February, and post it in the "Decision To Be Made" Discord channel  [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 28 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** core contributors, participation, self-nomination,  events attendance, Program reserves 
- **emotions:** long, slow, straightforward

### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Clement, Advanceameyaw, Cjfrankie, Martin Soki, SucrenSpice, esewilliams, Kateri, Ayo, Onize, Duke, Kossiso Royce, BoazB, Celiwe_South Africa
- **Purpose:** The African Guild weekly meeting.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [African Guild Meeting: 14th November 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JCPqPmrQzY1Ehu7rOLeEgJwwTXN-oKVDjBeAsPp_Xw4/edit)
  - [Documentation with roaster for Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YvuwMHJJ1unNzhCz2vkTL_JxflucAEmz/edit#heading=h.gjdgxs)
  - [African guild meeting: 8th January 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10rmrozUMewGrZzTm7nB4HYAvonR8wjRaP54cgGk-1gM/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Introduction: The meeting began with a discussion led by Duke about the quorum required for the weekly meetings. He raised the question of what should be the minimum number of attendees needed to constitute a valid meeting, given that their average attendance is around 14-15 people, but they've had meetings with as few as 3-4 people. We debated whether decisions made by a smaller quorum should be considered binding, even if the majority of members were absent.

Ese suggested that the quorum could be set at a minimum of 6 members, with the understanding that the gravity of the agenda items should also be considered. Ayo felt that monthly meetings would not work if the goal is to build a true community, and that bi-weekly meetings are more appropriate. We agreed to keep the meeting time the same, despite some suggestions to change it.

The discussion then moved to marketing initiatives. Ese reported they are still in the ideation phase, and need to have final brainstorming sessions to select a campaign focused on engaging the wider African community. Duke suggested it would be helpful to plan marketing initiatives further in advance, aligning them with the overall Singularity Net narrative and topics like Artificial Superintelligence (ASI).

Kossiso provided an update on Colossal AI's efforts to democratize access to AI in Africa. They are planning a series of training programs in February to teach people how to integrate AI into their workflows, as well as how to deploy large language models locally. This will be followed by a policy discussion event in March, and the launch of their own AI model, Imara, built on the DeepSeek foundation.

Clement discussed an upcoming "Afro-AI Multilingual Literacy Drive" initiative, which will focus on creating community-centered educational materials to demystify AI and showcase its practical applications in areas like agriculture, education, health, and fintech. The content will feature African innovators and use storytelling approaches to inspire local participation.



#### Decision Items:
- it was decided that our meeting retains its normal time being 5pm on thrusday 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The Q4 marketing initiative team to select the winners of the campaign. [**assignee**] esewilliams, CJFrankie, Ayo, LadyTempestt [**due**] 30 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AMA session,  Q1 budget, marketing initiatives, Partnership, education initiatives
- **emotions:** Welcoming, Collaborative, Discursive
## Friday 24th January 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, Ayo, CJFrankie, LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, Eric Davies, kenichi, advanceameyaw, photogee, Kateri, PeterE, Mikasa, SubZero, hogantuso, Fav, esewilliams, Evelyn
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Introductory message for the media room](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wir5N-gdtzXGVh-m6zy4zLtCIf0BY8nkA7YrdoFF9iQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 Marketing Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/168pruRm203FI-hAQSaVQ3wuz62bdgKKoDnKSu7dYI-M/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Last meeting summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MT-MnlaAvHde22GpY4eTSL9fmTACKCS3M14etHPWff4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Introductory Message for Media Room: Kizzy kicked off the meeting by presenting the introductory message for the media room to the representatives of each guild and workgroup. The purpose was to guide them in reaching out to the social media admins for scheduling and coordination.

- Member Attendance Report: Kizzy presented the attendance review sheet, explaining the color-coded system. Members in green were approved to retain their roles, those in orange would be demoted to task force members, and those in red would no longer contribute to the group.

- Roles and Responsibilities: Kizzy outlined the roles and responsibilities for each member of the Marketing Guild, explaining how members can take on specific roles
- Event role creation: A new role, called the Event Role, was created. The primary purpose of this role is to have someone attend events, promote SingularityNET and its events, and evaluate the impact of the events using metrics such as attendance, engagement, and ROI. This role will also involve seeking potential collaboration opportunities.

- Attendance and Role Demotion: Kenichi expressed opposition to the idea of demotion based on his performance in the task role. He recommended that his attendance in Q3 be considered in comparison to Q4 when evaluating his role.

- Attendance Reminder: Kizzy emphasized the importance of providing prior notice in case of absence. He reminded the team that, as core team members, attending calls—especially for decision-making—is mandatory. He also noted that Task Force members are not as tightly bound to this requirement.

- Attendance Discrepancy: Malik pointed out that he was marked absent on October 4th, 2024, despite having evidence to show that he was present.

- Rules and Reassessment: Kizzy clarified that the current rules will apply only for this quarter. The team will reassess at the end of the quarter. Members who meet the criteria for promotion will be moved back to core team status, while those who don’t will be demoted to Task Force members. Members who fail to meet at least 50% of the criteria will not hold any role in the marketing team.

- Town Hall meeting update: Kizzy suggested that for Town Hall meeting update, we went through an assessment of the roles and responsibilities. We completed the Zealy sprints that we had previously.
- Twitter Upgrade: Mikasa mentioned that the team is upgrading from Twitter Premium to Twitter Plus. This decision followed a discussion in the Writers Workgroup last week. The Plus plan offers a range of benefits, with a cost of $22 per month or $229 per year.
- Zealot Initiative Feedback: Kenichi commented on the Zealot initiative and shared that the Writers' Workgroup plans to launch a Zealy initiative using their original methods, while Ese emphasized that creating a successful campaign takes time.


#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to create a poll for members to vote for or against the demotion of members who don’t meet the attendance benchmark.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kareem will prepare to present the governance document during the next call.
 [**assignee**] kareem [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Eric Davies to confirm Malik’s attendance to potentially improve his overall performance metrics.
 [**assignee**] Eric Davies [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All members to discuss the governance presentation in preparation for the next call.
 [**assignee**] all members [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All members to engage in discussions about task submission and assessment to improve accountability and performance. [**assignee**] all members [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cjfrankie to fill EYOR on behalf of marketing guild [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Roles, TH Update , Zealy, content calendar, Taskforce
- **emotions:** Well-attended, argumentative, forward planning, contructive criticism, heated, fiery