---
description: Mon 6th Jan - Sun 12th Jan 2025
---

# Week 02

## Tuesday 7th January 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, CollyPride, AshleyDawn, LadyTempestt, osmium, LordKizzy
- **Purpose:** Weekly Governance WG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program End of Year report - draft outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TxKxP9sDNgvKncAqO0F-UhZgoftMdDktaqbt50-h2XM/edit?usp=sharing )
  - [Q4 budget decision - main issues mentioned in objections](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vzqhY_KDaE5l_4z_NVwr5aNFJKa6f71roslsg9Md0vU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GovWG Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DeUB6ytoOeG6SOHwhJxe-vII_mXmkjdxG1iD-f5B2Sc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Policy Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScA7Rcw-7QclL13qnfsdrtFt64nYRKM7zU1LgOK9wEoaWgpqg/viewform)

#### Narrative:
Input needed:
- We noted that some WGs haven't yet added to the draft End Of Year Report - we'll give reminders in Town Hall tonight, and on Discord.
- There's only been 2 responses so far to the Googleform about what WG Sync Calls should be covering. We'll give reminders in Town Hall tonight, and on Discord; and hopefully discuss in Governance meeting on Thurs 9th or Thurs 16th when we have more input.

Retrospective on Q1 consent process:
- We noted that GovWG meeting on Tues 14th is scheduled to be the retrospective session on the Q1 budget consent process.
- Peter has yet to DM Core Contributors who didn't take part in the Q1 budget approval process, to find out why they didn't. He'll do it as soon as poss.
- We will also ask Tevo if he has data on how many Core Contributors did take part this time (it's hard to tell from the Googleform responses, as people submit one per WG so it is hard to see how many unique consenters there were).
- We noted it could be interesting in the retrospective to consider overall patterns of *how* consenters took part (e.g. were there fewer objections than last time? Were objections similar to last time, or different? Were there people who blanket unapproved all WGs, like there was last time?)

Documentation of Governance WG meetings
- We agreed it's not an entry-level task.
- We agreed the low-ish price ($20) might be putting people off doing it; people might also be put off by feeling that summaries need to be very detailed
- We noted that there is still quite a bit of work to do on the backlog of summaries from Q3 and Q4 - there are people working on it, but $20 feels very low, as backlog work is harder since it's not fresh in the mind
- We discussed whether people should be able to document meetings they were not present at, and concluded that while it's better if you were there, it's OK to work from the Read.ai transcript (though *not* from just the Read.ai summary, as those are often very inaccurate)
- We agreed that to make documentation less onerous (especially for the backlog work) it is OK to focus on decisions, action items, and who was present
- We agreed to raise the price (see "decisions")

Next WG Sync Call date
 - Next call is supposed to be Thurs 30th Jan at 10:00 UTC - is this too early in the day? Peter will ask in Town Hall tonight about preferred date and time - possibly move to Weds 29th at 13:00 UTC

WG unspent budget / budget reserves
- We outlined the current process (unspent budget used to be clawed back by Treasury - but since Jan last year, it has not been. Anything that a WG doesn't spend, becomes part of their WG reserves and they can still use it.)
- Should there be a time limit on how long a WG has to use budget that was allocated to a particular task? And if they want to change what they use it for, how should they do that?
- How to avoid gaming the system (e.g. submitting a quarterly budget to do amazing things, to ensure consent; but then changing it to less impressive things in the first week of the Quarter)
- We agreed on a suggested approach based on a "change request" process if a WG wants to make major changes (see "Decisions" below) and agreed to submit this as a potential new Treasury Policy.



#### Discussion Points:
- Input needed for End of Year report
- Input needed for Googleform on what WG Sync calls should cover
- Retrospective on Q1 budget decision process
- Documentation of GovWG meetings
- Next WG Sync Call date
- WG unspent budget / budget reserves

#### Decision Items:
- We will raise the price of backlog summaries to $30 per summary. Current summaries will stay at $20; but if AGIX price goes up by the end of Q1, we will give a bonus to documenters
  - [**rationale**] Backlog work is more onerous, and can take a lot of time, so price should be higher - and we do have leftover budget to cover it in Q3 and Q4 budgets.
But our Q1 budget has allocated $20 for documentation - so we cannot raise this price unless we know AGIX price is high enough.
  - [**opposing**] none
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Suggested process for WG budget reallocation:
 - If the changed budget line is 0-5% of a WG's total quarterly budget, the WG can change this at their own discretion without any consultation (1x per quarter)
 - If it's 5-35% of the total quarterly budget, the WG should submit the suggested change to #decisions-to-be-made Discord channel, tagging @Core Contributor, and there will be 1 week for any objections to be registered. (If no objections, the WG can go ahead: if anyone objects, we didn't decide how that should be processed. Discuss in a Governance meeting?)
- A 35% + change request needs to be included in the WG's budget proposal for the following Quarter (note that it would be separate from, and in addition to, their budget cap for that Quarter. So if a WG has a cap of 5k AGIX for Quarter 2 2025, and has 1k AGIX unspent from Q1 that it wants to reallocate, it will therefore have a total of 6k AGIX to work with).
- If a WG has unused budget at the end of a Quarter that they still intend to use as originally planned, they don't need to do anything special - they just do the work as and when they can.
  - [**rationale**] - To enable WGs to respond to changes that emerge out of their work, and to reallocate unspent budget if they find they no longer need to do the tasks they originally got the money for, but something else.
- To prevent WGs losing budget that they have secured simply because they have realised there is a better use for the money.
- To prevent gaming of the system.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The above policy suggestion will be discussed in Town Hall and in the Gov WG Discord channel, and then will be submitted as a potential new Treasury Policy
  - [**rationale**] The Treasury Policy process seems like the best way to ratify and agree the idea.
  - [**opposing**] none
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Peter to DM Core Contributors who didn't take any part in the Q1 budget consent process, to ask why they didn't [**assignee**] PeterE [**due**] 14 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Peter to raise items from this meeting in Town Hall later today (Requests for input on  End of Year Report and WG Sync Calls; sharing info on proposed new policy on WG budget changes) [**assignee**] PeterE [**due**] 7 January 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Vani to ask Tevo if he has info on how many people took part in the Q1 budget consent process [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 9 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** End of Year report, Workgroup Sync call, core contributors, retrospective, participation, consent process, Q1 2025 budget decision, Workgroup reserves, change request, WG budget changes, Documentation
- **emotions:** Discursive, Good natured, interesting, progress made
## Thursday 9th January 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, AshleyDawn, LadyTempestt, LordKizzy, martinsoki, Duke, Sucre n Spice, Clement, Effiom
- **Purpose:** Weekly Open Governance meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program End of Year report - draft outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TxKxP9sDNgvKncAqO0F-UhZgoftMdDktaqbt50-h2XM/edit?usp=sharing )
  - [Q4 budget decision - main issues mentioned in objections](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vzqhY_KDaE5l_4z_NVwr5aNFJKa6f71roslsg9Md0vU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GovWG Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DeUB6ytoOeG6SOHwhJxe-vII_mXmkjdxG1iD-f5B2Sc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Policy Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScA7Rcw-7QclL13qnfsdrtFt64nYRKM7zU1LgOK9wEoaWgpqg/viewform)

#### Narrative:
Compulsory participation in Governance:

Should we have compulsory participation for individual core contributors?
- We noted that we give core contributors the right to take part in the decision making process but it doesn't have to be mandatory. (The call contributor tag is given based on their participation and not based on personal request).

Should we make it compulsory for workgroups to take part?
1. Should a workgroup have to be present in the  objections-resolving calls?
- If any workgroup puts forward a proposal and there is an objection, it is important the workgroup is present to respond and discuss the objections. We noted that even if the workgroup lead isn't available, a representative from the workgroup should be present in the meeting to discuss the objections.

2. Should it be mandatory for a workgroup to be present during either Governance calls or workgroup syncing calls?
- We noted that workgroups should prioritize coming for Workgroups Syncing call. It is not mandatory but to encourage workgroups to participate, we suggested we propose to reward the Workgroups that send a representative to all 3 Workgroup Syncing calls in a quarter and note that one person can only represent a maximum of 2 workgroup.
While for the governance calls, we are not mandating or proposing anything for now but we encourage workgroups to participate in order to know what is going on in the ecosystem.






#### Discussion Points:
- Compulsory participation in Governance for individual core contributors
- Compulsory participation in governance for workgroups
- Compulsory workgroup participation in the objection-resolving calls of workgroup budgets 

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to propose a positive reward system for workgroups that attend three workgroup syncing calls in the quarter, instead of a sanction for those who don't. The funding for this would come from reserves. We will post this suggestion in the Governance Discord channel and ask for unput - if no significant objections, we will go ahead 
  - [**rationale**] To encourage participation in the monthly syncing calls 
  - [**opposing**] none
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Martinsoki to post the proposal on the Governance Discord channel regarding the positive reward system for workgroups that attend three workgroup syncing calls in a quarter [**assignee**] martinsoki [**due**] 9 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Workgroup Sync call, core contributors, participation, compulsory participation, consent process, Governance WG 
- **emotions:** progress made, Thoughtful
## Friday 10th January 2025

### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Zalfred [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], Zalfred, AndrewBen, killy, frosh, osmium, Slate, devon, hogantuso, LordKizzy, Malik
- **Purpose:** The meeting focused on weekly updates and tasks distribution
#### Discussion Points:
- UPDATE FROM THE TASK MANAGER
A quick update from Malik on various tasks assigned within the week. He highlighted that there wasn't much activities due to the holiday and that the townhall edit video has been edited and sent to the review team
- Update from the Social Media manager, Andrew Ben noted that he was on transit and won't be able to give the update

- Town hall updates: Zalfred gave the updates from the previous town hall. He noted that there were some conversations around crypto scams and a discussion around a new policy on how WGs can make budget changes mid quarter. 
- Goals for Q1: Lordkizzy spoke on reaching out to ecosystem spin-off projects for collaboration on video creation, he also spoke on how we could raise the level of engagement on our content through the zealy platform and also said he was going to need a representative from video wg for a call to structure the collaboration
- AOB: Devon asked if the task assignment was meant to be done in the present call but zalfred addressed that we were on holiday for the previous weeks and assignees will continue work on january as agreed in our previous call
- AOB: ECOSYSTEM Update Videos: Zalfred and Killy proposed creating the leftover ecosystem videos

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that Zalfred and killy will work on the leftover ecosystem videos
  - [**rationale**] Those videos need to go out as soon as possible

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Osmium to present the videos from Bangkok  [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 17 January 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to submit a short report on the video workgroup achievements to Peter [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 17 January 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Video Edit, Q1 2025 goals, Ecosystem Update videos, Zealy, Town Hall Videos
- **emotions:** Friendly, speedy , Collaborative, Thoughtful