---
description: Mon 3rd Jun - Sun 9th Jun 2024
---

# Week 23

## Monday 3rd June 2024


### Treasury Policy WG

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Clement Umoh, Tevo, Effiom, Billy, SucrenSpice, Kenichi, lord kizzy, Vanessa
- Purpose: Design and Organize Ambassador Program Treasury Rules
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tT2dk-8oQCU)
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKL5-fNY=/)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19k06OQEXJe0nYSrVVRLw1t_3BXSnUcXwsmLV9Tp07C4/edit#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)
  - [Policy Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g-INSEasp4TsEWgGQSoTIxe-KLX79tXqzF3rhWbSI3M/edit#heading=h.1o9zi3c2t69v)

#### Agenda item 1 - Introduction to Policy Workgroup - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- References to resources that are made available for this workgroup
- Planned roadmap for the workgroup
- Roles and Deliverables
- What work could be done asynchronously and how?
- Presentation Video: https://youtu.be/HP8hkC0OMno

#### Agenda item 2 - Policy Creation Template - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How do we design Ambassador Program Treasury rules?
- What are the minimum requirements for providing Policy Template - Google Doc
- What are current policies?
- What have been our current processes?
- How policies will be ratified and moved into effect
- 2 examples for policies will give a better view into the range of different ways to introduce a policy
- It might be difficult to distinguish the difference between clear rules vs guidelines
- This document will most likely turn into a living document and get updated more often as new processes emerge

#### Action Items:
- [action] Draft Policy Template https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g-INSEasp4TsEWgGQSoTIxe-KLX79tXqzF3rhWbSI3M/edit?usp=sharing [assignee] all [status] todo
- [action] Each workgroup has the opportunity to provide their view on the Policy Template and share how they have accepted previous policies or guidelines and what process they followed to set policies or guidelines [assignee] all [status] todo
- [action] Prepare a retrospective session to go over different workgroups' and guilds' processes how have they arrived at decisions - somewhere at 4th session we can start preparing for information collection again [assignee] all [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - How do we organize the rules? - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- How often should we update the Ambassador GitBook? https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home
- Which tools we will mainly use?

#### Decision Items:
- We will use Google Forms to capture policies within data structures
- We will use Google Sheets to aggregate policies and feedback for Policy Selectors
- We will use Google Docs for drafting documentation and to play around with more complex policies
- We will use the Ambassador GitBook to present Treasury rules and policies that affect the Ambassador Program financially
- We will use Miro Board for referencing all possible links to different source materials related this workgroup assets

#### Action Items:
- [action] Bring up question of how often we should update the GitBook in the next retrospective session mentioned in last agenda. [assignee] all [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Emergent, Discursive, Decentralisation vs Centralisation, Documenting Baselines, Organising, Development, Policy Creation, Miro Board, tooling, Google Docs, Google Form, GitBook
- emotions: Confused, Divergent views, confusing



### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Peter, kateri, Ayo, Kenichi, Billy, Kareem
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764584775426018&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240?taskId=83aeda8d-2434-42f9-9f48-be1345c9f8e6)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quarterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context-setting doc for Q2 budgets decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/115c9r867HDV711v7cgu-thL6chfUHtK6Fhu6qVwA6es/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Core Contributors list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13uPKVnooFowpoxRBZJH71iIbHUyoOokdn_RCDvp_RHI/edit#heading=h.ij3cuj7d158h)
  - [Treasury Guild Q2 budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19k06OQEXJe0nYSrVVRLw1t_3BXSnUcXwsmLV9Tp07C4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Ambassador Program Quarter 2 report templates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should workgroups report on their onboarding results?
- Should we measure and assess quarterly reports?
- When do we report?
- Treasury Guild can provide reports

#### Decision Items:
- Deadlines are necessary to ensure progress, but we can still be somewhat flexible in how much extra time is needed to put the information together, but it shouldn't be a regular occurrence for the groups
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Each number and statement on proposal should be accommodated with source of information if applicable
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Check up with Onboarding WG to learn how should we approach collecting onboarding results? [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Lack of clarity on the onboarding in general (to Ambassador Program) - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What are the contributions people can do?
- Missing specific ppl who help welcome new people and connect them with the social infrastructure based on their skills and interest
- We seem to have gaps because we bring this up quite often

#### Decision Items:
- There is high need for 1 to 1 conversations with new people for effective onboarding
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, Onboarding, Reporting, accountability, processes
- emotions: muddled


## Tuesday 4th June 2024

### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: LeeLoo, Vanessa [facilitator], LeeLoo [documenter], Vanessa, Peter, LeeLoo, Guillermo, Stephen, Clement Umoh, Billy, SucrenSpice, daniel effiom, Iain, Ayo, Photogee
- Purpose: To form initial conversations about the GEI workgroup, overall purpose, and some initial strategy.
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [GEI Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/)
  - [Starter document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/)
  - [AI ethics, safety, and risk taxonomy and literature](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cmHgsHqsESL-OPu8GPOUQIvdQ3ZtlOJM0THrSt5X2zE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG folder ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pUGsT8pju83nU17bVjSJn0tq-a933yS0?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy-drafting - express your interest spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Interview participant information sheet and informed consent form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8xIl3Yge3uCN1Nk1J68XaoNE9-_Ou5PpHejVmFRwP4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
The meeting started with sharing the Mailchimp Landing Page(v1) for use.
During the rest of the meeting we duscussed the forthcoming Ambassador WG meetings and potentials for strategy and who would be willing to work more on drafting that.
There were requests for information on regulations and the AI ethics, safety, and risk resources was shared.
The rest of the meeting with preominately talking about strategy and figuring out meeting organization.



#### Action Items:
- [action] Create the Resources/ecosystem ethics/risk evaluation spreadsheet [assignee] Esther, LeeLoo [status] in progress
- [action] Create draft interview participant consent form [assignee] Esther, Vanessa, LeeLoo, Haley [status] done
- [action] Find out feasibility of Ambassadors at the 2 events  [assignee] Haley, Esther [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Tevo to share results of experiment with Unanimous tool [assignee] Guillermo [status] in progress
- [action] Request Info Merge for Current Regulations Worldwide from Janet [assignee] LeeLoo, Esther [status] todo
- [action] Meet with Eco-system to aggregate information on what ethics policy or committees we have already [assignee] LeeLoo [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: AI ethics, Global ethics initiative, strategy, drafting strategy documents, ambassador workgroup
- emotions: Casual, Collaborative, a bit slow
## Wednesday 5th June 2024


### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, Clement Umoh, Photogee, osmium, esewilliams, malik, kateri, Peter, duke peter, Ayo
- Purpose: -Budget Discussion  - Group blueprints for ACP and Education Guild  - Education Guild Projects by Slate - What have been achieved so far by Education in Q2?- Ambassador Program Info And Video Rework 
- Working Docs:
  - [Proposed Education Guild Projects ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mlmw_h2rkfbr75nPyNKI_mXA7ZKOz8mhL1Raz9590i8/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Budget 
- Group blueprints for ACP and Education Guild
-  Education Guild Projects by Slate 
- What has been achieved so far by Education in Q2?
- Ambassador Program Info And Video Rework 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- Then he shared the Projects document that he has come up with, highlighting two to three projects which education guild can undertake going forward
- He also mentioned that the purpose of proposing these is because all of the processes of the ACP have been defined and ACP will be put live once we have all the completed resources thus we can look forward for new projects
- Then Slate shared what education guild has achieved in Q2 so far 
- Then he shared the Q2 budget, highlighting which allocation has been used and which is still left 
- Then there was a mention that whoever is interested in creation of education guild blueprints can showcase their interest and will be added to the group by the weekend 
- Osmium mentioned that Ambassadors Info and video needs rework 
- Which is going to be done by Clement 

#### Decision Items:
- ACP and Education Guild Blueprint 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Assign Clement to Info and Vid for Ambassadors  [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 11 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Group creation for Education Guild Blueprints  [assignee] Slate [due] 11 June 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, processes, Blueprints, implementation, Group creation, Info and vid rework, Budget, Objectives, objactives achieved so far, achievement
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Onyeka , Guilermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], WaKa, Ayodele, kateri, Vasu, martinsoki, Peter, Duke, Curtis, Kenichi, Ubiodee
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Writer's workgroup evaluation Doc](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiAyiWjXjiUYLd7iGEvaEFqC8KsSVRQR-diZTevVAaoYTZBw/viewform)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 budget Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tE6T_OLUZ1DgEGHnBfEhrI7iQuwwTE6eUD0w17UvTbk/edit)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Mmembers and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem.
- Operations update: GitHub Board and repositories updates
- Coleen proposal Discussions on  "Ethics Quest Game" 
- Q2 Budget Concerns report
- Q3 Budget proposal

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal ( Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem.): there are still ongoing discussions on how the team can collaborate to move the initiative forward in this first stage. Duke suggested that any developer interested in this research should send him a DM, so that he can start making plans for the second part of this project
- Discussions on Operations update:[ GitHub Board and repositories updates ], we have updated our GH operations with 6 new repos, 1 per proposal in execution to begin ordering deliverables for this end of Q2.
- Discussions on KENICHI's proposal for the ambassador website and loyalty system, the guild loved the initiative and want him to collaborate with curtis and guillermo on that, since they are already working on a similar project
- Discussions on Q2 Budget Concerns report, Guillermo created a document  and shared it with the team for feedback before we present it to the community
- Discussion on Q3 Budget proposal, we had a brief discussion on this and informed guild members of the deadline for submission of Q3 budget proposal

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that Duke should go ahead  with his project research and that he would get funded in Q3
  - [rationale] there is no need to stop the process, so let him commerce and the funding will come later
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lordkizzy suggested that all core members of the Guild should head over to the GitHub board and update the status report of projects they are currently working on
  - [rationale] The Guild has to present artifacts to build trust with the community by the end of the quarter
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project by conecting them with Celeste's team (Audio to text AI DF awarded project) [assignee] Guillermo [due] 12 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] WaKa & Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] WaKa, Rojo [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to create a basic explanatory document on his initiatives for the Ambassador program website and present it in the next meeting  [assignee] Kenichi [due] 29 May 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke to write down a short response on the concerns that was presented on Q2 budget for the guild. [assignee] Duke [due] 5 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guilermo to ideate to see how Vasu cam collaborate with guild members on project [assignee] Guillermo [due] 19 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Colleen to email Guillermo on her gaming proposal for it to be added to the next meeting's agenda [assignee] Colleen [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Lord_Kizzy to meet up and have a discussion on creating a Github board repository for the guild  [assignee] Guillermo, lord kizzy [due] 5 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Ayo to draft out a report on how he could contribute to the Guild  [assignee] Ayo [due] 19 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Lord_Kizzy to meet up and have discussions on Q3 budget preparation [assignee] lord kizzy, Guillermo [due] 12 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, Meeting Summaries, Budget Request, Q2 budget, Social media Dashboard, social media, agenda creation, GitHub, Workshop, loyalty system, Budget preparation, github board, Disablities
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming, Friendly, straightforward


## Thursday 6th June 2024


### Africa Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Duke [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], Peter, Sucren, love, esewilliams, Kenichi, Ayodele, kateri, Billy, martinsoki, Gorga Siagian, Clement Umoh, daniel effiom, oep, Hamzat_iii, Oluwaseun Gbiri, Onize
- Working Docs:
  - [Skills Database form](https://forms.gle/KzwBdX9nb7LRu4mt6)

#### Narrative:
The meeting began with a welcome session from Ese Williams, 

had an interactive session with all the members present in the meeting and we got to know their skills, occupation, their visions for Africa, nationality and also their expectation for the Guild. 

Afterward we ran through the discussion items: the First was on "How to get more African countries to join the guild and participate in the program; Billy suggested an outreach to major African Universities in sister countries, Onize suggested a social media outreach to neighboring countries, Kenichi suggested a clearer reason for Onboarding of new members.

Then Duke ran through the Guild ethics for members, there were also discussions on the guild's Q3 Budget and Duke noted that there will be an AMA session on the 28th of June and the topic will be AI and its Effect in Africa and also a community bounty by the end of the quarter. 

Duke gave updates on the previous action item. 

Clement spoke on the updates on "Research and partnerships with other AI and web 3D communities across Africa". 

Finally AOB and conclusions


#### Decision Items:
- We decided to make the Guild meetings WEEKLY instead of Bi-Weekly.
  - [rationale] we have a lot of discussions and Bi-weekly doesnt provide enough time to treat them
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Creation of Guild's official channels [Telegram, Zoom and Email].  [assignee] Guild Core team [due] 13 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Identify and touching base virtually with other AI and web 3D communities across Africa. [assignee] Clement Umoh [status] todo
- [action] All members to fill the Skills Database form [assignee] all [due] 13 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucren and LadyTempestt to structure an Onboarding process for the guild [assignee] Sucren, LadyTempestt [due] 13 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: African, Onboarding, Telegram, Ambassador guild, Artificial General Intelligence, AGI, BGI, Decentralization, Task Assignment, skills, skills database, outreach, universities, African universities, partnerships, web3 communities, AMA session, move from biweekly to weekly, meeting frequency, biweekly, weekly, ethics, Guild ethics, Q3 budget, social media, social media outreach
- emotions: Friendly, funny, engaging new people



### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: duke peter [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], duke peter, LadyTempestt, Ayo, Vanessa, SucrenSpice, Peter, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh, kateri, daniel effiom, Onize, Gorga Siagian, Photogee, Kenichi, martinsoki, Jenn, Guillermo
- Purpose: Weekly meeting discussing how to onboard people to the Ambassador program
- Working Docs:
  - [Onboarding Sessions survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdq9FMJ7-kmh2ElWglAjPHZko5Ra7DjixeW8yHjZSNFgJ0hoA/viewform)
  - [Getting Started Channel doc ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context setting for Core Contributor decision on the name of the decisonmaking role in the Ambassador Program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Mtt9S7X59hzm_InMd5Xm2po7Bj1HNQgw5Fib9Ia6fM/edit)
  - [Onboarding WG skills assessment / skills audit doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rcw-52w7-pZLjVKZXxPbrkm3P2ysXh6AgVJhnl7O3mg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding Workgroup Treasury session video, April 18th, 2024](https://youtu.be/Um7Zv5F9TyA?si=0kod7HN-2_h8suHn)
  - [Onboarding Slides voiceover video](https://youtu.be/ceOAl7ObJVU?si=3FN9EmfheGwlA1Tj)
  - [Suggestions towards better onboarding processes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EZ6wkFrAi2YXfRJE_PBRMZt1mcFTOA_yfVKQmAwGOME/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding WG Buddy System survey](https://forms.gle/BHQuj4UxNotcuuqs8)
  - [Reinforcing Continuous Onboarding in Workgroups/Guilds:  Ideas and Potential Improvements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RBACFdyclW3hSB3vfU2lZltR3ILc_Ed8wT5s0iUiND8/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes from the last meeting and action items
- Onboarding Journeys update 
- "Suggestions towards better onboarding processes" document
- Onboarding session survey results
- Getting started doc/channel 
- Skills audit document 
- Quarterly report
- Q3 budget
- Analysis of how Q2 Buddy system went
- Guillermo and introduction to LatAm Guild and their onboarding.

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed Ayo will collate comments from his "suggestions" doc and bring it to our next meeting.
  - [rationale] because most of us have now added comments, but they need organising
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We recognised that Onboarding Journey scripts have been delayed because it can be hard to add info about certain onboarding barriers without personally identifying anyone.
  - [rationale] Particularly, we agreed to include information about barriers that are particularly faced by women; and a lot of this material is unspoken in the Program at large, and has only been discussed one to one. Given there are comparatively few women in the Program, raising these issues publicly can make individual women vulnerable.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that LadyTempestt's evaluation form for thr Q2 "Buddy" mentorship system will go out to mentors and mentees, and she will collate responses.
  - [rationale] to see how well the Buddyy system has been working, and whether we should continue to budget for it in Q3
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Guillermo shared some info on LatAm Guild's onboarding processes, and said he will be using ideas from our "Reinforcing Continuous Onboarding in Workgroups/Guilds:  Ideas and Potential Improvements" doc from late 2023
  - [rationale] because the doc includes some valuable ideas on how WGs can support continuous onboarding.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that we need to start thinking about our Q3 budget
  - [rationale] because deadline is soon
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Everyone to add their skills to the skills audit doc, including new people who have not yet done so [assignee] all [due] 6 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] LadyTempestt to mentor Onize on giving the TownHall updates from the onboarding group for June [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 24 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Onize to give Town Hall update for the WG on 25th June [assignee] Onize [due] 25 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre to rewrite text in Getting Started to remove the Introductory Task, which has been discontinued [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 13 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Clement to add text to Getting Started doc about new WGs that started in Q2 (Africa guild, LatAm guild, AI Ethics, Moderators) [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 6 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Everyone to add comments to the Suggestions Towards Better Onboarding Processes document which Ayo created. [assignee] all [due] 6 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] LadyTempestt to add details of one particular conversation to Ayo's suggestions towards better Onboarding Processes document. [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 6 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani Sucre, Love and Onize will work on finalising the onboarding journey scripts, including addressing women's issues. [assignee] Vanessa, Onize, LadyTempestt, SucrenSpice [due] 13 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Clement to draft the Q2 report and bring it to the next meeting [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 13 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to assign a buddy to Martinsoki [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 7 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] LadyTempestt to send out the buddy system evaluation form to mentors and mentees. [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 13 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to reach out to Peter to give Kateri the onboarding WG tag. [assignee] Vanessa, Peter [due] 7 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Ayo to facilitate next meeting [assignee] Ayo [due] 13 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Duke to mentor Ayo in facilitating the next meeting. [assignee] duke peter [due] 13 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- We need to clear out old information in the getting-started document and update it before asking Tevo to update the getting started channel on discord.

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Onboarding Journeys
- Skills audit
- Onboarding Sessions Survey
- Suggestions towards better Onboarding Processes document
- Mentors and mentees "buddy system" survey

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: skills audit, Getting Started, mentorship, onboarding processes, buddy, buddy system, women's issues, barriers, Q2 quarterly report, Quarterly Report
- emotions: interesting, funny , long, long agenda
