---
description: Mon 17th Jun - Sun 23rd Jun 2024
---

# Week 25

## Monday 17th June 2024


### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo, Effiom [documenter], Tevo, Peter, kateri, Ayo, Kenichi, Billy, lord kizzy, vani
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/9LUPUYbuq-I)
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764588331185786&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild transaction process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sbZPqeS3-omflKMAg1SiYhG7hZG7Xqg34U-4SgUBd48/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Policy Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g-INSEasp4TsEWgGQSoTIxe-KLX79tXqzF3rhWbSI3M/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Proposal Reporting and Reviewing Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OkteXe_-UvvYuXh4hxrR4iRtOBHDKS_7ft8Yhn0EZpE/edit)
  - [Treasury Guild Q2 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gUfkeZCwtw28gmpRShStBgRsOBaj6kRnxaJ7Ih2zZag/edit#heading=h.1w2fce1nfvp0)
  - [Treasury Guild Q3 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16EmdnI9KXEF0iTfzdtSamRupuM3PITxlcfxqo4JT1o0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Server Side JSON Generator for Treasury](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18vPr6WIDKLNyFX1bGhIfvJjmU9mHe3C3Y1KtOjRFF9c/edit#heading=h.95bjzxymc8bt)

#### Agenda item 1 - Present the New Format for Operation Guides and Learning Process - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Treasury Guild transaction process https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sbZPqeS3-omflKMAg1SiYhG7hZG7Xqg34U-4SgUBd48/edit?usp=sharing
- Exploring new ways of learning treasury operations and more guideline focused

#### Agenda item 2 - Present the Treasury Policy Template - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Treasury Policy Template https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g-INSEasp4TsEWgGQSoTIxe-KLX79tXqzF3rhWbSI3M/edit?usp=sharing
- More information can be found on 17.06 Policy WG Meeting Summary https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKL5-fNY=/?moveToWidget=3458764592310197174&cot=10

#### Agenda item 3 - Review Proposal Reporting and Reviewing Guidelines - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Would these requirements be implemented for Quarter 3 proposals?
- Are there any sanctions if these requirements are not adhered to?
- Should the focus be on report format or requirement content?
- How could we word better the requirements?

#### Decision Items:
- Workgroups/Guilds are allowed to have their own Reporting Format, but it should meet the requirements
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Previous Guidelines and requirements are maintained for the creation of new WG
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 4 - Ambassador Program Quarter 3 Proposal Submission requirements and consent processes - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Guidelines document https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OkteXe_-UvvYuXh4hxrR4iRtOBHDKS_7ft8Yhn0EZpE/edit
- What should be done if workgroup/guild don't submit on or before the deadline?
- Should the proposal from previous quarter of the WG be adopted if they don't meet the deadline?
- Would consenting still be done using google forms?
- How feasible are the timelines set to ensure budget are approved before the start of Q3?
- Do we provide GovWG tokens or make new ones for consenting on Proposals in Ambassador Program?
- Proposals approved by the 2nd iteration share the leftover budget from the previous iteration

#### Decision Items:
- The proposal submission deadline of 19th June is for both the budget and quarterly report
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Q2 Report is required for Q3 proposals that request budget increases for existing groups
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- There would be 2 iteration for submission and consent process
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Proposals not approved after GovWG review on 2nd July, would be further reviewed
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Prepare consent forms right after submission phase [status] todo

#### Agenda item 5 - Treasury Guild Q2 Report - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Treasury Guild Q2 Report https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gUfkeZCwtw28gmpRShStBgRsOBaj6kRnxaJ7Ih2zZag/edit#heading=h.1w2fce1nfvp0

#### Action Items:
- [action] Share your views, updates and comments to improve our reporting [status] todo
- [action] Add contribution pictures from the dashboard [status] todo
- [action] Add something to onboarding results [status] todo

#### Agenda item 6 - Treasury Guild Q3 Proposal - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Treasury Guild Q3 Proposal https://docs.google.com/document/d/16EmdnI9KXEF0iTfzdtSamRupuM3PITxlcfxqo4JT1o0/edit?usp=sharing
- We create a new Treasury Automation Workgroup to build tools to speed up Transaction Creation processes. https://docs.google.com/document/d/18vPr6WIDKLNyFX1bGhIfvJjmU9mHe3C3Y1KtOjRFF9c/edit#heading=h.95bjzxymc8bt
- We have removed Treasury Policy Workgroup information from Quarter 3 proposal currently no funding needed for this, but we will report on the results in Q3

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Budget report, Guidelines, deadlines, Proposals, Quarter 3, Reports, process

### Treasury Policy WG

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Effiom, Kenichi, lord kizzy, Vanessa, Ayo, Onize, Gorga Siagian, Kareem, malik, Olokoji
- Purpose: Design and Organize Ambassador Program Treasury Rules
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKL5-fNY=/)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19k06OQEXJe0nYSrVVRLw1t_3BXSnUcXwsmLV9Tp07C4/edit#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)
  - [Policy Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g-INSEasp4TsEWgGQSoTIxe-KLX79tXqzF3rhWbSI3M/edit#heading=h.1o9zi3c2t69v)

#### Agenda item 1 - Reviewing Treasury  Policy Template - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We spent more time ideating on the section, what are our current processes?
- How should the policies be costed if there are more than 30 submissions?
- Introduce limit for policies submitted monthly per person
- How do we decide if policies are Valid?
- How do we handle duplicate policies?

#### Decision Items:
- Let's use the Treasury Policy WG Retrospective session to capture insights
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Let's use the Treasury Policy WG Retrospective session to check on policy limits and process
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Increased the rewards for policy submission from 5$ to 10$
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Reducing the proposal goals of 30 policies down to 15 policies
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create a list of guiding questions to help bring out WG insights [status] todo
- [action] Include Resource allocation and rules below introductions [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Drafting Treasury Policy Submission Google Form - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What should be written in the descriptions?
- What questions should be included?
- Should wallet address or discord name be collected?

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, Google Form, Treasury Policy, Minimum Requirements, Requirements, Guidelines, Quiet Session
- emotions: bit quiet
## Wednesday 19th June 2024

### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Tevo, Gorga Siagian, malik, Effiom, Ayo, Photogee, Mikasa
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/Qvg3xkk9kwQ)
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764592434551050&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course Website](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)

#### Agenda item 1 - Reward Automation and Calculations for Dework PBL Workgroup - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Looked at the list of values for Task labels on excel
- How do we recognise participation vs contribution?
- Categorised task labels associated with participation
- Categorised task labels associated with contribution
- Calculated the difference between AGIX and hours spent in respect to participation and contribution
- Practicalised the reward sharing ratio among 3 WG members as an example

#### Decision Items:
- Task labels were sorted by either participation or contribution
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue figuring out the reward ratio for participation and contribution of WG members [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Course Website - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Creating our first task template
- Creation of task using the template and addition of task tag
- Ways to improve course content?
- Changing task status and adding task points
- Is approval triggered and required when subtask is changed to Done?
- When you click SUBMIT WORK, then it asks for approval and moves task to done

#### Decision Items:
- Make each action statement a separate sentence and number them
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Taking this lesson should be a requirement for every Treasury Guild member
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] The template to be created in SLT 201:5 should be specified (i.e. task template) [assignee] Effiom [due] 26 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] SLT 201:5 - Correct typo in step 4 (Example: Follwing, pastebale etc.) https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/201/2015 [status] todo
- [action] Itemise the action info for SLT 201:7 https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/201/2017 [assignee] Effiom [due] 26 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] SLT 201:7 - Update the wrong SubTask action info [assignee] Effiom [due] 26 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Itemise the action info for SLT 201:8 https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/201/2018 [assignee] Effiom [due] 26 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Change SLT 201:9  action message [assignee] Effiom [due] 26 June 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Dework, Miro Board, Andamio, participation, contribution, participation vs contribution
- emotions: Collaborative, repetitive