---
description: Mon 24th Jun - Sun 30th Jun 2024
---

# Week 26

## Monday 24th June 2024


### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: CallyFromAuron [facilitator], Ayo, CallyFromAuron [documenter], aetherblade, Clement Umoh, duke peter, Peter, Effiom, PeeGee, SucrenSpice, Malik., Slate, CallyFromAuron, Ayo, LadyTempestt, CollyPride, Gorga Siagian, 5oundwave5, Asad Nadeem, hogantuso, osmium, Olokoji
- Purpose: Fortnightly meeting of the AI Ethics WG.
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01J15C2RV7JF1SDYTA7VKF91H1?utm_source=Share_CopyLink&section=notes)
- Working Docs:
  - [Ambassador Program AI Ethics WG Q2 2024 Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/)
  - [Starter document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/)
  - [AI ethics, safety, and risk taxonomy and literature](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cmHgsHqsESL-OPu8GPOUQIvdQ3ZtlOJM0THrSt5X2zE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG folder ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pUGsT8pju83nU17bVjSJn0tq-a933yS0?usp=sharing)
  - [Interview participant information sheet and informed consent form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8xIl3Yge3uCN1Nk1J68XaoNE9-_Ou5PpHejVmFRwP4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda, 24th June 20024.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WQW1rxFLLgttNSPgsQYJQ5QFFJbjYutx4oBUK7v_3bc/edit#heading=h.d588fff1bjm4)
  - [Global Ethics Initiative](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?gid=1136630469#gid=1136630469)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup Stuff!](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Selecting people for AI Ethics WorkGroup Q3 roles (cryptpad)](https://cryptpad.fr/pad/#/2/pad/view/QhThseH7IJssdKnZ6isg0QEaRVdpIwJRazuWTXepzO8/)
  - [AI Ethics WG Quarter 2 payments and budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G9gvX5h3VQQTmOXRaM6y1dXOHVP2I1g_V2R4lOUtnDo/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Attendee Count: 19 unique individuals, 20 devices.

Meeting Narrative:

Membership Criteria: Vani referenced the previous meeting - people do want membership, and a 2 tier system has been suggested but not yet agreed, and [7:33] mentioned her impression that hierarchical membership structures appeal to some, but not all. LadyTempestt [9:20] agreed with keeping it simple, and starting by giving tag to people who have attend meetings. Aetherblade suggested in Chat that there's a difference between people who look and people who contribute. Vani suggested [9:47] instead of meeting attendance, use contribution/posting in Discord, since it's hard to find a meeting time that everyone can do, but Discord posting can be in own time. After mention of several options, consent (no objections) to giving tag to anyone who comments in the WG Discord, and reassess later if we find we need tiers. Soundwaves confirmed that adding the tag to those active in Discord can be automated using the ME6 bot that we already have [9:20].

Strategy-drafting: [11:47] the 3 writers and 2 editors for each strategy have all confirmed (see AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! spreadsheet). There will be an orientation meeting with Esther and Haley for each team, to define scope and discuss content; then teams will self-organise. Completion dates: third week in July (Fri 19th) for writing and 2nd August 2024 for editing.

Q2 Budget and Spend [22:08]: see "AI Ethics WG Quarter 2 payments and budget rec" spreadsheet. Vani explained how this doc takes the Q2 budget written by Peter, Esther and herself, and fits it to the work that's actually been done, including the strategy drafting work (with more money than originally planned); and Vani's own work in setting up the WG. No objections. BUT it was noted that Colleen did some co-ordinating work in Q2 that needs to be added.

A Co-chair[26:33] Consensus is reached, the WG is to have a Co-chair who will work with the Global AI Ethics Initiative (GEI) team (Haley, Esther) and with LeeLoo as the other Co-Chair, but from the Foundation side.

Selecting Co-ordination Roles for Q3 [29:58]: A Cryptpad document will be created so anyone/everyone can drop anonymous comments in favour (or otherwise) of the “contestants” for various posts including the Co-chair role, to help us decide. 
Those interested: 
Co-chair: Colleen, Clement, Duke, Vani.
WG Reportbacks: Jenn
Async work support: Love, Gorga, Malik, Slate.
WG internal management: Kenichi, Sucre, Ayo.

Q2 quarterly report, and Budget for Q3 [41:28]: Have been submitted, Members of the WG who are Core Contributors are reminded to submit consent forms for the WG budget and for other G and WG budgets.

Forum for AI ethics discussions [42:12]: Peter will create the forum. Clement signified interest in moderator role, which will be rewarded from the contingency budget.

When to meet [54:47]: Meeting time will move to 14:00 UTC, and next meeting is 8th July 2024.

Meeting ends: 59:17.

Note: this meeting summary significantly amended and tidied by Vani - issues such as lack of clarity in narrative section and some things incorrectly documented; not including things as decisions/action items; not using decision rationales


#### Decision Items:
- There will be a co-chair role
  - [rationale] useful to have liaison with GEI
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Meeting time will stay on Mondays, fortnightly, but will move to one hour earlier (14:00 UTC) 
  - [rationale] to suit timing needs of the people who are mainly attending
  - [opposing] none
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will have an open but tightly moderated forum for AI ethics discussion; and it will be placed outside of the Ambassador Program section of Discord
  - [rationale] Moderation, to ensure all threads are specifically about AI ethics; placement of the Forum is so that it's seen by all, not just Ambassador program.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Discord tag will be given to anyone who comments in the WG Discord; will try to automate it.
  - [rationale] because it's a form of contribution, and might be better than basing it on meeting attendance , since it's hard to find a meeting time that everyone can do, but Discord posting can be in own time.
  - [opposing] Some have said there might need to be a hierarchy of Discord membership tags, as there is a difference between those who look, and those who really participate. We agreed to rethink and add a hierarchy later if it feels needed.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Strategy-drafting teams to consciously work async e.g. via shared docs
  - [rationale] because people are in different time zones, and we have quite tight deadlines.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to the budget allocations for Q2 outlined in the "AI Ethics WG Quarter 2 payments and budget rec" spreadsheet
  - [rationale] it rewards the work we are actually doing in Q2, and makes reasonable sense with the original budget
  - [opposing] none
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Moderation of the Forum will be rewarded from our contingency budget for Q3
  - [rationale] since we forgot to include a specific budget line for it in the Q3 budget
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Ayo to document and archive meeting summary for this meeting [assignee] Ayo [due] 28 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Peter to create a forum sapce for ethics discussions on Discord: done during the meeting itself [assignee] Peter [due] 24 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to schedule future meetings for 14:00 UTC [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 8 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to create a document for anonymous comments for WG members on assigning admin roes for Q3 [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 25 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani and LeeLoo to set up orientation meetings next week for the three strategy-drafting teams with Haley and Esther [assignee] CallyFromAuron, aetherblade [due] 5 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to add costing for Colleeen's Q2 work to "AI Ethics WG Quarter 2 payments and budget rec" spreadsheet  [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 1 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: AI ethics, Global ethics initiative, drafting strategy documents, Budget , forum, Discord, membership, workgroup membership, co-chair, co-chair selection, role selection, date of next meeting, meeting time, Q2 budget, Q3 budget, Q2 quarterly report, Async, strategy, writing, editing, ME6 bot, membership criteria
- emotions: interesting, contributive, Collaborative, insightful



### Strategy Guild

No Summary Given

## Tuesday 25th June 2024


### LatAm Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], Ines [documenter], Ines, Caue [translator], Guillermo, Ines, Andrea Dekovic, Martin Rivero, Daniela Alves, Caue, Maria Carmo
- Purpose: Operations of the Program / #3 Town Hall @SNET_Latam Ambassadors 'El Power Latino de SingularityNET
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/CYkuiJfZsCE?si=8uK_lAeTpO5dG1Pt)
- Transcript: [Link](https://otter.ai/u/UafNGpTD-8AsmVMddZmAmgOkHLY?view=transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [TH#3 _ LATAM AMBASSADORS GUILD _ 250624](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YKnmpc21ykmh_Jeoqfu_bI5_WTq0CnzoLCg1GphOYtA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Spanish _ Roadmap Expansión Regional del Programa LATAM Ambassadors Guild Proposal _ 180724](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fBJ2YKc1P0cyS8N3XMBvo75t8_huBza6gqjBrh3wLEQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Strategy Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
At the third meeting for the regional expansion of the Ambassador program for the LATAM region, the conversation revolved around the importance of community-funded projects, inclusive communication strategies, and decentralization in achieving social impact. Speakers emphasized the need for a clear moment to launch projects, a solid plan, and inclusive communication. They also discussed the potential of blockchain in Latin America, the importance of creating a clear constitution and fair voting system, and the need for a diverse team to handle content creation and marketing. The overall theme was the importance of collaboration, teamwork, and ethical considerations in achieving success.



#### Decision Items:
- Onboarding evaluation and selection of members

#### Action Items:
- [action] Finalize selection of initial team and continue onboarding new members [assignee] Guillermo, Ines [due] 23 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Compile budget and work proposals for next community report [assignee] Guillermo [due] 2 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Review timelines and ensure deliverables are met [assignee] Guillermo, Ines [due] 9 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Coordinate community events and achievement tracking [assignee] Guillermo [due] 9 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Submit translated meeting summaries and group updates [assignee] Ines [due] 9 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Onboarding Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
The discussion revolved around the importance of communication and collaboration in fostering both personal and professional growth. Andrea, Caballero, and Martinez, representing Mexico, Argentina, and Brazil, delved into the promising potential of blockchain technology in the LATAM region. We shared our diverse experiences in product design and AI, reflecting on both its positive advancements and the challenges it presents. Additionally, we exchanged insights on organizing hackathons in Mexico, underscoring our commitment to promoting inclusivity within the tech industry. Inclusivity in AI development was a recurring theme, as we acknowledged its critical role in shaping ethical and effective AI solutions. We also highlighted Chico Labs' remarkable efforts in decentralized development and their fruitful collaborations with various African initiatives. We proposed creating a dedicated team of ambassadors to onboard individuals from Spanish-speaking and Portuguese-speaking regions, recognizing the importance of a strategic approach and strong community engagement in welcoming new members. Additionally, we discussed our intellectual commitment to our work and proposed a new party line to align our goals and values moving forward.



#### Decision Items:
- Beginning Onboarding evaluation and selection of members
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Follow up onboarding form, study and select candidates for final inteview [assignee] Guillermo, Ines, Caue [due] 2 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Marketing Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
We underscored the crucial importance of decentralized AI development in LATAM, stressing the need for community involvement and ethical considerations to ensure responsible progress. We emphasized the value of collaboration and the necessity of avoiding conflicts to build an efficient communication system that benefits everyone. Our collective effort is focused on enhancing communication among team members, recognizing that strong, clear communication is fundamental to our success and growth as a cohesive unit.


#### Decision Items:
- Beginning Onboarding evaluation and selection of members
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Communication Strategy Draft Q3 [assignee] Andrea Dekovic, Ines [due] 10 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Operations Sub-Group - [carry over]

#### Narrative:
In our recent discussions, we focused on creating a comprehensive roadmap for decentralized operations, ensuring that our processes are efficient and adaptable. We proposed a detailed roadmap for inclusive onboarding, incorporating diverse perspectives to enrich our community. Our conversation also covered important logistical aspects such as budget, workload, and team dynamics, aiming to balance our resources effectively. We explored various notification and communication strategies to improve interactions with colleagues, recognizing our team's responsibility to provide clear documentation and transparent communication to support our collective goals.


#### Decision Items:
- We develop the titles by priority and agree on the translation work to be shared in the next meetings.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Finalize On boarding  [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Governance, Meeting Summaries, Onboarding, Budget , Roles, Collaboration, Translation
- emotions: Collaborative, Friendly, Thoughtful , funny , entertaining, challenging
- other: Step by Step



### Ambassador Town Hall

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, Clement Umoh, Felix, guillermolucero, Gorga Siagian, Tevo, Slate, LadyTempestt, hogantuso, haley lowy, advanceameyaw, Will Tatz, esewilliams, Sucre n Spice, CollyPride, LordKizzy, Kateri, kenichi, BoazB, Effiom
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- **Town Hall Number:** 103
- **Working Docs:**


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T" %}

[00:00](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=0s) Intro
[00:57](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=57s) Who Are The Ambassadors
[01:34](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=94s) Deep Funding Results R4
[04:54](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=294s) Work Group Updates
[05:31](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=331s) Latam Guild
[10:40](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=640s) Knowledge Based Wg
[16:27](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=987s) Archives Wg
[19:54](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=1194s) Education Wg
[23:47](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=1427s) R&d Guild
[29:09](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=1749s) Onboarding
[33:06](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=1986s) African Guild
[35:30](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=2130s) Marketing Guild
[39:41](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=2381s) Video Wg
[41:07](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=2467s) Gamers Guilds
[46:30](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=2790s) Governance Wg
[49:21](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=2961s) Ai Ethics
[54:30](https://youtu.be/tdIP6LfShzs?si=Te3lSrcA3Myqdj7T\&t=3270s) Remarks

#### Town Hall Summary:
This session was the monthly updates from workgroups about their work.

There were updates from several currently active WGs; and from Marketing Guild, which is presently involved in a process of restructuring and a (quite contentious!) decision on who will lead it after Judith leaving. There was also a first report from the newest new workgroup, AI Ethics; and there was news of African Guild's forthcoming AMA session and a planned live event in September in Nigeria about AI ethics.

We also briefly discussed the idea of making these monthly update sessions 90- mins instead of an hour, to ensure there is time for all the WGs; and templating the updates to make sure all the important things are covered. These ideas were scheduled for further discussion at the next WG Sync call.


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Marketing guild lead, LatAm Guild, African Guild, Knowledge Base Workgroup, Archives WorkGroup, Education Guild, R&D Guild, Onboarding WG, Video WG, Gamers Guild, AI Ethics WG, Governance WG, WG updates, AMA session, WG Sync call
- **emotions:** Organised, Good natured, engaged


## Wednesday 26th June 2024




### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], WaKa, kateri, Vasu, martinsoki, Peter, Curtis, Kenichi, Ubiodee, CollyPride, Oladepo Daniel, Duke, Sucren, Advanceameyaw
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 budget Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tE6T_OLUZ1DgEGHnBfEhrI7iQuwwTE6eUD0w17UvTbk/edit)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report / R&D Guild Proposal & Q2 Community Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19W8jlC20q2JVdknBMwBrtI95LQFYizraQvrnxAw68Wc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q3 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- ADDRESS COMMUNITY CONCERNS ON Q3 BUDGET
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS! 
- R&D GUILD Q3 QUARTERLY REPORT / UPDATE PROPOSAL

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on COMMUNITY CONCERNS in Q3 BUDGET: Lordkizzy went through the concerns raised by the community to Guild members as regards to our Q3 Budget.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT OF ONGOING PROJECTS: Curtis gave updates on the Collaboration Skills Database project; he highlighted that he was facing personal issues and proposed for a more collaborative approach on initiatives to help give further progress on projects. Rojo wasn't present to give the status update on the projects he is currently working on. WaKa gave status update on the Entity Connections projects: he highlighted that the lack of budget was a factor that is hindering progress, and also indicated that he would be creating additional documents to highlight the current approach to developments and open source. Ubio gave updates on the ideation project on Impact of Lingual Differences; he highlighted that he has completed the projects and has filled the repo. Duke gave updates on Research-on-Inclusivity-for-Individuals-with-Disabilities; he highlighted the progress so far is about 45%; they have completed the literature review but are also facing difficulties in getting responses from the community; they are preparing to conduct interviews with interested community members, then will conduct data analysis; he also indicated that all updates will be added to the repo before the next call. Guillermo indicated that 4 (Social Media Dashboard, Web3 Contributions Dashboard, Collaborative Skills Database, Entity Connections) of the 5 ongoing projects are yet to provide deliverables; he praised Ubio for delivering on the Ideation Project on Impact of Lingual Differences and highlighted that Duke should add the updates on the research to the already created Repo.
- R&D GUILD Q3 QUARTERLY REPORT / UPDATE PROPOSAL: Guillermo said he was going to work on the budget and exclude completed projects from the budget

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to extend the deadline for the guild core team members to present deliverables to the guild
  - [rationale] Majority of members felt this process was necessary so as to get deliverables  and present it to the community
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed that 50% of the allocated rewards will be distributed to the developer once he/she completes 80% of the project
  - [rationale] This was decided to serve as a point of encouragement to the developers
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guilermo to ideate to see how Vasu can collaborate with guild members on project [assignee] Guillermo [due] 3 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Colleen to draft out a proposal for her initiative on The Quest for AI Game Design [assignee] Colleen [due] 3 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Ubio to add the link to the FIGMA to the GITHUB repo, and share a document highlighting the deliverables in screenshots [assignee] Ubiodee [due] 3 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guillermo to work on the R&D GUILD Q3 QUARTERLY REPORT / UPDATE PROPOSAL and present it to treasury [assignee] Guillermo [due] 3 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Budget, Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, deliverables, Budget Request, Q2 budget, GitHub, Budget preparation, contributors, Filling repo, Rewards
- emotions: productive, Thoughtful, straightforward, questioning, lengthy, Discursive



### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], WaKa, GorgaSeagian, WaKa, esewilliams, Clement Umoh, Kenichi, shuga, Peter, Slate, malik
- Purpose: - Budget Concerns - Infographics - Recording Attendance - LLM - Resources from Education Guild 
- Working Docs:
  - [Education Info and Vids ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LLTuBxAV4Q8nKuBdbh4unKRg10pKfOOm4_wEeVz3YxU/edit#gid=0)
  - [Review Sheet for quizzes ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18OHO1HZ7gPRvlQhy9QHVijg_Nanv2z0T4bH3h2EETdU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Budget Request Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eTDWvqulA6J4oQuvwI4-Sk_p8Uiv-pZOxK-fQpxWyvY/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Budget Concerns 
-  Infographics
- Recording Attendance
- Osmium LLM Update 
- Resources from Education Guild 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- we discussed on budget request concerns and answered them one by one 
- then we took answers from everybody regarding those concerns
- Osmium shared insights from the LLM that he is building
- Then Slate requested Osmium and Kenichi to highlight admin related tasks and Guild members related task for the project that they proposed in education guild
- while answering the concerns we also went over all the resources that education guild has made up in quarter # 2
- During concerns answering there was a concern of no onchain so - we also discussed on adding attendance task for tracking onchain contribution
- There was also a discussion on Clement's Infographic regarding SNET

#### Decision Items:
- Update Clement's task 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Update the budget request and report 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Update Clement task  [assignee] Slate [due] 26 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Update the quarterly report  [assignee] Slate [due] 27 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Update the blueprint  and create its task  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 27 June 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, Blueprints , Budget , infographic
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy 



### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen, CallyFromAuron [documenter], Stephen, André, Ekemini Samuel, Ayo, Peter, Gorga Siagian, Clement Umoh, daniel effiom, Kenichi, SucrenSpice, lord kizzy, CallyFromAuron, CollyPride, sakujennbornean, kateri
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Q2 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1d9j-IPA0wary0EdR8YIoKl1BF0mAtkV_dgTs0hSnzAs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Draft AI ethics doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MIItGDkPIBMA6x-_rvIaWvpRE_sKkkz9TdEhao_MVwM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [LLM development - Data loading and preprocessing](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/LLM-Development/blob/main/Colab/Data_Loading_and_Preprocessing.ipynb)
  - [LLM development - Vector store creation and similarity search](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/LLM-Development/blob/main/Colab/Vector_Store_Creation.ipynb)
  - [SNET Archive AI features (draft of possible features an AI tool might have)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LROsgVAQ9fQbNgMRK5qMI8q8KYsN-rGI-Gq9lvXAN5w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [draft Q3 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [meeting issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/171)

#### Decision Items:
- Interesting discussion on how to record people's names in the Archives, which came out of the Tag Taxonomy work. We recognise that many people go by more than one name - but for clarity we decided that in future, "Discord name = Archives name". André will look at the feasibility of creating a controlled vocab dropdown based on info from Discord bits.
  - [rationale] If people are in the Archives under only 1 name, an LLM will be better able to make sense of any qwuery about them. It's also better for privacy - some people might use a Discord pseudonym for privacy reasons 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Our Q3 budget was approved, but there will be some budget-fitting needed. We agreed to make changes from the "one-off" tasks only as far as possible, and preserve the "regular tasks" budget; we also agreed that as far as possible we will move things to Q4 rather than not doing them at all. We discussed some possible cuts, but may need to raise this in our next meeting and discuss further, if the lowering percentage for budget fitting is increased.
  - [rationale] We want to avoid cuts to core activities
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We looked at Ubio's recent work on testing around 30 LLM models with the Archives corpus material - but as his spreadsheet is in Excel format, we decided to ask him to convert it to a more widely readable format such as a Google Sheet
  - [rationale] not everyone has access to Excel
- André's docs management and tooling work: André has now created an interface to enable us to manually make an archival copy of a doc that has been submitted via the summary tool, and also to manually add docs that have not been added via the tool.  The interface captures doc content in markdown, and holds it in the Archives database. Vani and André need to go through it in near future
  - [rationale] This enables us to capture, archivem, and open-source the documents that are submitted to the Archives, which may be held by different people in the program and may be vulnerable to accidental deletion
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The Q2 RAG process - Stephen is documenting it directly in an "LLM Development" section on the Archives GitBook  https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/singularitynet-archive/development/llm-development - we agreed that longterm, this section might also accommodate some of Andre's and Ubio's work. In Q3, Stephen will also add "plain English" explanations of e.g. vector store creation, checking and safeguarding; and further Python code samples, that need to be reproducible.
  - [rationale] "Plain English" explanations will be important for community engagement, to make the work accessible to others who might not have technical knowledge
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Work on our OpenSource paradigm - we discussed when to make the planned presentation, and whether it should be in a Town Hall, or a separate session with a trailer in TH? See https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/164
  - [rationale] The wish to engage more people with the issues around Open Source
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- André's tool development work for June 2024 - basic maintenance, but no significant new features. But André has begun to collate issues that need to be addressed in the Q3 redesign of the Tool, and we agreed he will create a doc for this
  - [rationale] so as not to lose any of the insights that come up via everyday use of the Tool
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- On the work on the "pre-Archives WG" Backlog - we agreed to also add the Deepfunding Community Governance meetings, in addition to Town Halls
  - [rationale] Because the community governance meetings are significant enough to be worth archiving; and, since it turns out there are not many Town Halls to add, the budget for this work could cover adding them.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed on a deadline of 3rd July for the backlog work
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- RE the planned Town Hall reporting back on the Tag Taxonomy work, we agreed that it will be presented at next TH on 2nd July
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that Governance WG will pay Ese to upload their backlog of summaries to the Tool
  - [rationale] Gov WG has budget to cover this, and they have summaries written and ready to upload, but don't really have time to do it.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Duke to create a video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116   Still no word from Duke on it. If nothing by next meeting, we will reassign this [assignee] duke peter [due] 10 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] All to add comments to AI ethics doc async: some have done so, but we'll reassess at next meeting [assignee] all [due] 10 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to start writing guide on how to make a doc community-owned - i.e. a process for how to work with a doc to avoid stuff like deleting it, deleting comments, etc - still writing. Will bring draft to next meeting [assignee] Vanessa [due] 10 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Sucre, Clement and Lord_Kizzy thave selected 2 "best meeting summary" winners from late May/early June; results will be publicly shared on 2nd July after Town Hall. But due to low quality of summaries, there might not be a winner for next week - in which case, they will make a post to say what was missing from the summaries we have that meant they could not win. See this issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/152  After this, there will still be 2 more winners to be selected under Q2 budget before we move to the Q3 budget. [assignee] SucrenSpice, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh [due] 26 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Ekemini and Ese to liaise outside the meeting on Town Hall presentation on Ubio's work, and decide when to present. They can message André with any questions. See https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/150 [assignee] Ekemini Samuel, esewilliams, André [due] 10 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action]  Ese, Onyeka and Ekemini to work on presentation on tag taxonomy work https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/151 - in progress, and will be presented at TH on 2nd July [assignee] Vanessa [due] 2 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] André to ask Ubio if he can convert his Excel spreadsheet testing different LLM models into a more viewable format [assignee] Andre [due] 10 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani and André to meet to go thru André's docs management interfact [assignee] CallyFromAuron, André [due] 10 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Stephen to tidy up the documentation of the Q2 RAG process, and close the issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/163 [assignee] Stephen [due] 10 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Stephen to decide how best to present the "Open-source paradigm" work, and bring decision to next Archives meeting on 10th July [assignee] Stephen [due] 10 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] André to create a doc to collate issues that need to be addressed in the Q3 redesign of the meeting summary tool [assignee] André [due] 10 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to post in the Discord chat for the backlog work that a) we have agreed to include the Deepfunding ommunity Governance meetings, and b) the deadline is 3rd July 2024 [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 28 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action]  Onyeka will DM Peter to check there is space at TH for the Tag Taxonomy presentation on 2nd July [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 28 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to create issues on the GitHub Board for all the forthcoming Q3 work, in time for next meeting [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 10 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: document management, github board, AI ethics, Ethics, ethics of AGI, good meeting summaries, LLMs, LLM development, AI tooling, open source
- emotions: Organised, inclusive



### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Tevo, Gorga Siagian, Ayo, lord kizzy, Effiom, Kenichi, Peter, Onize, martinsoki, Advanceameyaw, Boaz
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/8xcW-jhIAmw)
- Miro board: [Link]( https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764593233252779&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Infographics](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1S24dJki0gT7oZrDy96IfA5Tz8OkyHm9l/view)
  - [Draft: Async Organising Process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nhK0TK1pRYlHwzOI-nUe9olyGRWXZcTMuiRqtzfWrSw/edit#heading=h.rrq7vksufe62)

#### Agenda item 1 - Review on Knowledge Base WG Infographics - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What is Knowledge Base WG purpose?
- How do you get to be part of Knowledge Base WG?
- What do we do in the workgroup?
- How do we organize meeting information?
- Would the infographic really aid with onboarding?

#### Decision Items:
- We will continue to use an Infographic as an onboarding tool for each meeting
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Remove the meeting notes section from the infographic [status] todo
- [action] Include the Proposal link for more details in the infographic [status] todo
- [action] List the roles and activities in the infographic [status] todo
- [action] Re-word join the meeting section and make it short and concise in the infographic [status] todo
- [action] Create other color versions for the infographic [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Async Organizing Administration and Onboarding Process - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- The onboarding for Async organizing and reviewing activities in WG
- How much experience do we expect from participants?
- What does the process look like?
- How do we conduct live reviews?
- What are the rewards for organizing and reviewing?

#### Decision Items:
- We will continue developing the document before we continue reviewing and onboarding new organizers
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue drafting and reviewing next meeting [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Prepare and Create GPT that can be organized for the WG - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What is the GPT for?
- What is GPT instructed to do?

#### Decision Items:
- Carryover testing and building GPT for the next meeting
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, GPT, Infographics, Async, Drafting document
- emotions: Collaborative, bit quiet


## Thursday 27th June 2024



### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Onize [facilitator], kateri [documenter], Onize, kateri, Vanessa, SucrenSpice, Peter, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh, LadyTempestt, Ayo, Gorga Siagian, Advanceameyaw, daniel effiom, godspower egete, Cjfrankie, Kenichi, Slate
- Purpose: Weekly meeting discussing how to onboard people to the Ambassador program
- Working Docs:
  - [Getting Started Channel doc ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Suggestions towards better onboarding processes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EZ6wkFrAi2YXfRJE_PBRMZt1mcFTOA_yfVKQmAwGOME/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding WG Buddy System survey](https://forms.gle/BHQuj4UxNotcuuqs8)
  - [Skillshare Matrix Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12R9WMWZRBQDRnnHUFC3dVoZwRkgKgNfj7uLBSaBNqkg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [FINAL Onboarding WG budget projections for Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?gid=2014555984#gid=2014555984)
  - [  ONBOARDING WG C&S DETANGLE DOCUMENT](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EN21KSiQQc61aBHwL17ocCMixX6m-mA08wpr1bQF2zI/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Onboarding meeting Chat, 27th June 2024 - Gorga](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fDoMj4ASJcmyvLKeqVyitF1A_ohnC1KIU0WooAONarU/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes from the last meeting and action items; we agreed to the minutes of last meeting.
- Onboarding Journeys update: Onize suggested that we make it in a way that the person who is engaging the content sees the ecosystem as a place they get to meet to help with the problem they are experiencing. 
- Skills Matrix: Vani wanted to know if everyone had added their thoughts on the document and said that the document is open till the end of the week for people that still want to put their thoughts down.
- Q3 budget:Our Q3 budget got consent, but since the total requested across all WGs is higher than the total available, budget-fitting will need to be implemented. The Lower percentage is yet to be determined, but we will get less than we asked for.
- Suggestions towards a better onboarding process.
- Facilitation / Documentation Roster: There were some discussions around WHO the next facilitator and documenter was going to be and  Lord kizzy indicated that he was working on a roster and he would present it in the channel before the next meeting.   
- Gorga said that he had been passed over in the assignment of tasks such as documenting due to xenophobia, prejudice and favouritism, and that the workgroup's practices were untransparent. People in the meeting addressed these issues in the Zoom chat - see doc attached.

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to have Sucre work on editing the budget and present it at next week's meeting.
  - [rationale] Because we are still waiting to know the lowering percentage for budget fitting, and we will definitely need to make cuts
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to keep the Onboarding WG Skillshare Matrix document open until the next meeting for members to add their input.
  - [rationale] Because we are still waiting for members to fill it.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] LadyTempestt to mentor Onize on giving the TownHall updates from the onboarding group for June [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 27 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Onize to give Town Hall update for the WG on 25th June: Onize was unavailable and LadyTempestt gave the update [assignee] Onize, LadyTempestt [due] 27 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Sucre to rewrite text in Getting Started to remove the Introductory Task, which has been discontinued [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 27 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] LadyTempestt to prepare a report for the Buddy system [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 27 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to prepare another page in the matrix doc where everyone could give their 3 picks of skills that are "foundational" for the WG [assignee] Vanessa [due] 27 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Onize to bring onboarding journey scripts to the next meeting.  [assignee] Onize [due] 4 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lord Kizzy to prepare the facilitation and documentation roster for Q3 and present it in the WG channel.  [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 4 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to present results on the selected team of Onboarders in the Onboarding WG channel. [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 4 July 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to work on editing the budget and present it to the next meeting. [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 4 July 2024 [status] todo

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Onboarding Journeys
- Skillshare matrix
- Onboarders team
- Q3 budget

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Getting Started, onboarding processes, buddy system, Quarterly Report, onboarders team, Facilitation, Documentation, roster, skills matrix, allegation, gorga, Budget , Q3 budget
- emotions: interesting, misunderstood, argumentative



### African Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: esewilliams [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], Peter, Sucren, esewilliams, Kenichi, Ayodele, Clement Umoh, Isaac, 5oundwave5, LadyTempestt, Fani, Sama, martinsoki, Onize, Onyeka, Emmanuel, kateri
- Purpose: Research on best African countries to spread the guild
- Other media: [Link](https://www.wada.org/)
- Working Docs:
  - [Doc 2](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ICRk-4ycBZ7LZkbVVnISnlQKhB-7K73kL4wHu0EL91I/edit)
  - [African Guild Meeting Agenda: 15th August, 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YOkUd83AhfYiTLs7pDzVpby8DhW3seB0uSYm8mX7J6I/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [SingularityNET Africa AMA Registration](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ICRk-4ycBZ7LZkbVVnISnlQKhB-7K73kL4wHu0EL91I/edit)

#### Narrative:
The meeting started with Ese greeting everyone in all the African languages. 

Action items from the last meeting:

Identify and touch base virtually with other AI/Web3 communities across Africa 
https://www.wada.org/
https://www.wims.io/
African Leadership University (ALE) Rwanda

Sucre and Love to create an onboarding structure for new members (everyone is free to participate) - *Completed*
Everyone to contribute to Skill Database Form (completed and paid out).
Clement to conduct research on best countries to spread and penetration strategies (Phase 1 completed). Clement says he will start rolling out phase two soon and share it in the next meeting 
Ayo to create Initiative and Contribution Framework Document.
Townhall Updates by Tuso 25th
Ese and Ayo gave updates on the AMA session; Onize is working on the banner and graphics for it. Ayo says we should try and bring in other African countries members to join in the session through a marketing strategy. 

Budget fitting: we got consent but we need to discuss how to cut down costs in our budget because of limited AGIX during our next meeting.

Discussion item: How do we get more African countries to join the guild and participate in the program? 
a) Onize suggested doing a survey or research on what will get people from different countries involved. She also suggested reaching out to open-ended communities with enough people from different African countries by asking them to fill out a survey form on if they would like to get involved with the SNET ambassador community or SNET in general.  
b) Fani from Rwanda suggested giving out merchandise to AI-based students to introduce SingularityNET to them.
c) Kenichi suggested offering people we are reaching out to something tangible like a contribution framework on how we work to get them interested.  
d) Boaz said that physical workshops work best in the Democratic Republic of Congo.  
e) Sama Lesky said that in the Cameroon context, we can partner with organizations that organize tech competitions and boot camps. 
f) Emmanuel(advanceameyaw) from Ghana suggested virtual workshops and meetups based on Blockchain and AI, like SingularityNET, the vision, what they seek to achieve, the benefits of having a decentralized AI marketplace.

We discussed whether we should have a cap on the number of ambassadors we want in the African guild from each African country including Nigeria, and think about incentivizing people to bring in members from other African countries outside Nigeria within budget.


#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to have our first AMA session tomorrow (28th June) by 5pm UTC.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Clement to conduct research on best countries to spread and penetration strategies - he is to bring an update on phase 2 to our next meeting. [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 4 July 2024 [status] done
- [action] Ayo to share the document on Initiative and Contribution Framework Document on Discord for everyone to add comments to it. [assignee] Ayodele [due] 11 July 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: African, African guild, AMA Session Updates, membership, membership cap, engaging other African countries, virtual events, physical events, DRC, Ghana, Cameroon, Rwanda, merchandise, student, Partnership, contribution framework, contribution, survey , Budget fitting, skills database, Wada, Wims
- emotions: funny , contributive



### WG Sync Call

No Summary Given

## Friday 28th June 2024



### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], hogantuso, Slate, kateri, malik, Advanceameyaw, osmium, killy, Zalfred, lord kizzy
- Purpose: Weekly updates 
#### Discussion Points:
- Updates on TASK MANAGEMENT: Slate indicated that the Town Hall Edit hasn't been uploaded but the Town Hall Summary has been uploaded in our Socials 
- Updates on Social Media Management: Malik indicated that he hasn't been granted access to our socials, so NO updates as regards to that
- Discussions on concerns raised as regards to our Q2 Budget report and Q3 Budget: Lord_Kizzy went through the concerns raised by the community and highlighted the solutions given by him in the previous governance call
- Discussions on the budget reduction: We tried to see where we could reduce some allocation on tasks to compensate for the budget general reduction (budget fitting); the majority of members felt the suggested 47% cut was too much and unsustainable in the long run for the guild. 

#### Decision Items:
- We all agreed to attend the next treasury call as regards to the Budget reduction
  - [rationale] This call is gonna be crucial for the management of the guild
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Lord_Kizzy to edit the Q2 Budget and Q3 Budget Proposal [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 5 July 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lord_Kizzy to reach out to Rojo as regards to the Q3 Budget reduction and try to see if  he could make the next treasury call [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 5 July 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Video Edit, Weekly updates, Budget Reduction, Budget , Town Hall Summary Edit, Budget fitting, Treasury Guild meeting, social media, social media access
- emotions: Casual, speedy , productive, Organised, Thoughtful , frustrated



### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi, Cjfrankie  [facilitator], cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Mikasa, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, devon, Slate, Ayo, Onize, Kareem, Pablos, Nebula1224, Advance Ameyaw, Ines, kateri
- Purpose: Reflection on the WWG Q2 achievements, discuss the points system and how to increase transparency, and updates from Zealy and Notion side of things.
- Other media: [Link](https://snetambassadorprogram.substack.com/)
- Working Docs:
  - [WWG Scribblers Onboarding Form](https://forms.gle/yLzrMbtUjjhcgWUj9)
  - [AI's Impact on Jobs and Workforce](https://medium.com/singularitynet-ambassador-community-page/ais-impact-on-jobs-and-workforce-ec1ecb41b530)

#### Narrative:
The meeting started with Cjfrankie welcoming everyone to the meeting, and then Advance Ameyaw introduced himself, highlighting his skills and interest in the writer's workgroup. Following that, Cjfrankie asked Lady Tempestt, and Devon to share updates on their task, which they did!

Kenichi hops on the call and takes the wheel. As Q2 2024 concludes, the WWG reflects on our achievements in Q2. With screen sharing, Kenichi shares the community page progress — so far, four authors have published their articles, namely Ines, Devon, Cjfrankie, and Lady Tempestt.

Progressively, Kenichi shared an update from the Zealy and Notion sides of things, highlighting our journey and the progress the workgroup has achieved in the last few months. We also talked about our substack and how to implement a comment session for people to voice their opinions as they read the monthly recap. Kenichi also pointed out that we have a French speaker in the person of Emmanuel Isaac — going forward, he will be managing the WG French page on X.

Momentarily, Onize, who recently took the WWG, asked, “Can aspirants who didn't pass the WWG test still take on tasks?” This question was followed up with Kenichi’s reply, saying that the WG might implement the “taskforce mechanism.” The idea is to enable people without the Scribbler tag who possess certain skills like graphics, to be able to pick up tasks and earn rewards for their contributions.

We reached our Q2 KPIs through collaborative efforts - see y'all next quarter!

We had discussions centered around the points system and how to increase transparency  — Lady Tempestt, who emphasized making the system more transparent because many people in the community seem to have little knowledge about how it works. Kenichi shares the metrics, and what’s being measured, and how contributors earn the allocation. In view of the points system allocation and how to be more transparent, Lady Tempestt suggests that the WG could write a detailed document that highlights how the points are assigned and why people get a certain share.

The meeting ended with Kenichi announcing the trivia session that would be held today, noting that everyone should get ready for a thrilling session. Everyone expressed their thoughts, and we talked about the current people leading the trivia and how they could make room for other people to win; we all laughed, and we called it a day! See y'all next quarter.



#### Decision Items:
- Having gone through the SNET ambassador’s substack, it's clear that we have published only one article — given the fact that the SNET ambassador program recaps go out once a quarter. We have decided that the monthly recap will go out every month moving forward.
  - [rationale] Publishing the recaps on a monthly basis will bootstrap the substack engagement and it will open door for more acquisition.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We are looking to add a comment section on the substack to allow readers to voice their thoughts after they digest the monthly recaps.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Learning Points:
- With screen sharing, Kenichi showcases how the points system works. We learned about the metrics he tracks (meeting attendance, note-taking, article suggestions — to name a few!)

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Notion, Q2 report, Taskforce, medium, monthly substack, Zealy sprint, community page, points system, budget reserve
- emotions: interesting, Discursive, lengthy, Welcoming, funny 



### Marketing Guild

No Summary Given

## Saturday 29th June 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], kateri, martinsoki, oep, lord kizzy, CollyPride, Gorga Siagian, flyn, Photogee, rebel, Slate, devon
- Purpose: Q3 Budget Adjustment, Asset Creation Discussion, and Task Assignment for Q3.
- Working Docs:
  - [Q3 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1V3uSMWG-7e8P2fQpCa3ET0AE0aPhd58elvxI1iiMGqA/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- Gorga's created assets were showcased by Slate and published on the platform.
- Asset created by Gorga had a minor issue, it was not clear from the sides; future assets need to be of high quality and clear to attract players for purchase.
- The budget cuts were discussed, and based on that, several tasks were agreed upon for removal to compensate for the budget shortage.
- Mentors were chosen to help inexperienced developers with department model creation.

#### Decision Items:
- Assets should be of highest quality
  - [rationale] to attract players to purchase them.
- Game preparation, session announcements, and metaverse platform research tasks will be removed in case of budget reductions.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Treasury Guild department creation mentorship [assignee] lord kizzy [status] todo
- [action] Dework PBL department creation  mentorship [assignee] Slate [status] todo
- [action] RnD Guild department creation mentorship [assignee] GorgaSeagian [status] todo

#### Game Rules:
FPS game - The team that reaches 50 kills first wins     
team 1 : Gorga, lord kizzy , flyn, rebel.    
team 2 : devon, martin, photogee. 



#### Leaderboard:
- 1st team 2

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Roblox, participation, metaverse, Budget Request, Task Assignment, asset creation
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, Thoughtful , budget request problems , decisive
- games played: fps game