---
description: Mon 10th Jun - Sun 16th Jun 2024
---

# Week 24

## Monday 10th June 2024

### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Vanessa [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], Vanessa, LadyTempestt, LeeLoo, SucrenSpice, Ayo, Galorian (Sharon), duke peter, esewilliams, Onize, Clement Umoh, Gorga Siagian, hogantuso, Vasu, Guillermo
- Purpose: To form initial conversations about the AI Ethics workgroup, overall purpose, and some initial strategy. First meeting of 2 (in order to cover a range of timezones) - the repeat meeting will be on Wednesday 12th June
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [Ambassador Program AI Ethics WG Q2 2024 Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/)
  - [Starter document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/)
  - [AI ethics, safety, and risk taxonomy and literature](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cmHgsHqsESL-OPu8GPOUQIvdQ3ZtlOJM0THrSt5X2zE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG folder ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pUGsT8pju83nU17bVjSJn0tq-a933yS0?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy-drafting - express your interest spreadsheet (and - sheet 3 - draft Q3 budget)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Interview participant information sheet and informed consent form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8xIl3Yge3uCN1Nk1J68XaoNE9-_Ou5PpHejVmFRwP4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Global AI Ethics Budget Proposal (our original Q2 budget)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Shared agenda for meetings on Mon 10th and Weds 12th June](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s7UfdRsw2CuZ1FQ_cse73lEfu-Bc2gViEeAP8jpr5lk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
AI Ethics Strategy drafting: 
we discussed whether it would be a better idea to have a mix of experts and non-experts to collaborate on drafting the 3 strategies we want to complete. We noted that we have no proof of people's self-rated skill/knowledge level - but we agreed that it's fine, in this instance, to trust people on what they say about themselves. We discussed having 2 teams for each strategy - one for "writing" (3 people) and one for "review/edit" (2 people), and we suggested people should only sign up for one thing, to ensure that the work is shared out fairly between people. Ayo suggested min/max "points" level for each task - 24 for writing team and 12 for edit team -  (based on people's 1 to 10 "how skilled are you" self-rating), to ensure we get a reasonable level of expertise. Given the number of people interested, we have under-budgeted for this initiative; but we agreed we could move a bit of budget from another budget-line which we are unlikely to fully use, e.g. "Communication management & community outreach". 

Co-chair
We discussed if having a co-chair (a channel of communication between the AI Ethics WG and the Foundation's Global Ethics Initiative) is a good idea. The AI Ethics WG idea did come from them. Some of us feel we should try it and if it's not a great idea then we can shut it down. We will see what people think about it at the repeat meeting for other timezones on Wednesday. We created a signup space for those who have already done Q2 work on this, in page 2 of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing

Workgroup membership:
We agreed that we DO want some kind of membership and a Discord tag, but we agreed that we will raise this at Wednesday's meeting and see if people have ideas on how to decide who is a member. We mentioned that meeting attendance isn't necessarily the same as participation, you can be quite passive in a meeting. We were unsure how to measure contribution: MINS tokens were suggested but not everyone agreed.

Q3 WG Budget: 
We need to submit a budget by 19th June. We will create an extra sheet on the planning spreadsheet where everyone can put in ideas for what we should do in Q3, and the budget that would be needed. The link will be shared on Discord.

Forum for Ethics discussion: 
Is it a great idea? People agreed that we should do it and that it should be open to all - but it needs to be specifically for discussion on ethics issues, not for workgroup organizational stuff. Moderators would be able to help enforce this - but we are not sure who CAN be a moderator, as it would give you moderator rights for the entire SNET discord server. LeeLoo, Duke, Gorga, and Clement are interested in being a moderator.

Future meeting:
Should we meet again on the 24th and 26th of June for this quarter? We will see what people say about it on Wednesday and in Discord channel discussion.



#### Decision Items:
- Agreed on a mix of experts and non-experts to collaborate on drafting the 3 strategies
  - [rationale] good if those with more expertise can supoort/mentor those with less
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 2 teams for each strategy - one for "writing" (3 people) and one for "review/edit" (2 people)
  - [rationale] The roles are different - and doing it this way enables everyone interested to get involved while still keeping the teams fairly small and manageable
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- People should only sign up for one thing.
  - [rationale] to ensure that the work is shared out fairly between people
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will reallocate some budget to strategy-drafting, from another budget-line which we are unlikely to fully use due to our late start, e.g. "Communication management & community outreach".
  - [rationale] to support the higher-then-expected level of interest in this work
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The group should have a membership and a Discord tag
  - [opposing] undecided what the criteria for membership should be
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We would like a separate forum for Ethics discussion, open to all
  - [rationale] To separate out ethics discussions so they don't get lost in the organisational conversations in the WG's channel
  - [opposing] Needs moderation (and whoever has moderation rights, would have it for the whole server)
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create the Resources/ecosystem ethics/risk evaluation spreadsheet [assignee] Esther, LeeLoo [status] done
- [action] Find out feasibility of Ambassador Program attending the 2 forthcoming AI events  [assignee] Haley, Esther [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo and Tevo to share results of experiment with Unanimous tool [assignee] Guillermo [status] done
- [action] Request Info Merge for Current Regulations Worldwide from Janet [assignee] LeeLoo, Esther [status] todo
- [action] Meet with Eco-system to aggregate information on what ethics policy or committees we have already [assignee] LeeLoo [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to create a budget-drafting sheet and a co-chair signup sheet in https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing and share it on Discord [assignee] Vanessa [due] 14 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] LeeLoo to ask Tevo about forum creation and moderation [assignee] LeeLoo [due] 14 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: AI ethics, Global ethics initiative, drafting strategy documents, Budget , forum, Discord, membership
- emotions: participatory, excited, forward planning


## Wednesday 12th June 2024



### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, Clement Umoh, osmium, kateri, duke peter, Ayo, Tom, WaKa, GorgaSeagian, Kenichi
- Purpose: -discuss blueprints for ACP structure   - updates from Review team - Ambassadors info and Video rework to be assigned soon  - Education Guild budget request to include mentioned projectsfor ideadtion phase- Kenichi's Proposal for Education Guild- Tom Collaboration with Education Guild 
- Working Docs:
  - [Proposed Education Guild Projects ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mlmw_h2rkfbr75nPyNKI_mXA7ZKOz8mhL1Raz9590i8/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- blueprints for ACP structure 
- updates from Review team 
- Ambassadors info and Video rework to be assigned soo
- Education Guild budget request to include Projects for ideation 
- Kenichi's Proposal for Education Guild 
- Tom Collaboration with Education Guild 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- Then Slate went over to the education guild ACP blueprint document and defined the structure of it so that everyone gets an idea of how to write the blueprint
- Osmium gave updates from the review team
- Slate mentioned that he will be assigning Clement soon for ambassadors info 
- Then there was an agreement of putting education guild projects for ideation phase in the next quarter 
- Kenichi explained his proposal for education guild 
- A Deepfunding participant came and showcased his proposal for which he wants to collaborate with education guild 
- Osmium wants to build a LLM project of AI chatbot for education guild 

#### Decision Items:
- ACP and Education Guild Blueprint 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Assign Clement Info and Vid for Ambassadors  [assignee] Slate [due] 11 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Finalize Budget request  [assignee] Slate [due] 19 June 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, processes, Blueprints , implementation, Info and vid rework , Budget , Objectives achieved so far , tom presentation
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, lord kizzy, André, Ayo, Effiom, Onize, Gorga Siagian, Clement Umoh
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Meeting video: [Link](https://youtu.be/vn8FNesC3Qs)
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?share_link_id=819033103692)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Knowledge Base onboarding feedback - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- How to improve onboarding to Knowledge Base WG?
- How people get onboarded to Knowledge Base WG?
- What do new people notice about Knowledge Base WG?

#### Decision Items:
- We will recheck the form next month.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Reward all new members who gave feedback. [status] todo
- [action] Create infographic [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Async process for organizing - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How to better distribute organizing workload between contributors?
- When do we validate the role?

#### Decision Items:
- We notify contributors to stop, and we delete misguided documentation.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Introducing a limit on how many items per week (currently 2) a person can organize and review.
- There will be no changes in reward size; it continues to be 10$ per item (review + organizing)
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- After 4 different items are reviewed by the QA Team, they can decide to give an Organizer role to the member.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Along with the Organizer role will also come the Process Guild member role.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] QA team to review 3 items from the first patch that didn't go through the double review process. [status] todo
- [action] In the next session, start drafting documentation for Onboarding for Async organizing activities. [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Prompt Engineer ourselves organizing results from LLM - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We didn't have enough time left to start this topic, so we skipped it.

#### Decision Items:
- Take this up after the Async Process Documentation has been drafted
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Feedback Form, organizing, process, Administration, Roles, Rewards, Coordination, Miro Board, async, async working practices

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Onyeka , Guilermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], WaKa, Ayodele, kateri, Vasu, martinsoki, Peter, Duke, Curtis, Kenichi, Ubiodee
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Writer's workgroup evaluation Doc](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiAyiWjXjiUYLd7iGEvaEFqC8KsSVRQR-diZTevVAaoYTZBw/viewform)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 budget Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tE6T_OLUZ1DgEGHnBfEhrI7iQuwwTE6eUD0w17UvTbk/edit)

#### Agenda Items:
- Introduction and welcoming new members
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem.
- Operations update: GitHub Board and repositories updates
- Colleen's proposal Discussions on "Ethics Quest Game" 
- Q2 Budget Concerns report
- Q3 Budget proposal

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal (Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem): there are still ongoing discussions on how the team can collaborate to move the initiative forward in this first stage. Duke suggested that any developer interested in this research should send him a DM, so that he can start making plans for the second part of this project
- Discussions on Operations update:[GitHub Board and repositories updates], we have updated our GH operations with 6 new repos, 1 per proposal in execution to begin ordering deliverables for this end of Q2.
- Discussions on Kenichi's proposal for the ambassador website and loyalty system, the guild loved the initiative and want him to collaborate with Curtis and Guillermo on it, since they are already working on a similar project.
- Discussions on Q2 Budget Concerns report, Guillermo created a document and shared it with the team for feedback before we present it to the community
- Discussion on Q3 Budget proposal, we had a brief discussion on this and informed guild members of the deadline for submission of Q3 budget proposal

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that Duke should go ahead with his project research and that he would get funded in Q3
  - [rationale] there is no need to stop the process, so let him commence and the funding will come later
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lordkizzy suggested that all core members of the Guild should head over to the GitHub board and update the status report of projects they are currently working on
  - [rationale] The Guild has to present artifacts to build trust with the community by the end of the quarter
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project by conecting them with Celeste's team (Audio to text AI DF awarded project) [assignee] Guillermo [due] 19 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] WaKa & Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] WaKa, Rojo [due] 19 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to create a basic explanatory document on his initiatives for the Ambassador program website and present it in the next meeting  [assignee] Kenichi [due] 5 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke to write down a short response on the concerns that were presented on Q2 budget for the guild. [assignee] Duke [due] 5 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guillermo to ideate to see how Vasu cam collaborate with guild members on project [assignee] Guillermo [due] 19 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Colleen to email Guillermo on her gaming proposal for it to be added to the next meeting's agenda [assignee] Colleen [due] 19 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Lord_Kizzy to meet up and have a discussion on creating a Github board repository for the guild  [assignee] Guillermo, lord kizzy [due] 5 June 2024 [status] done
- [action] Ayo to draft out a report on how he could contribute to the Guild  [assignee] Ayo [due] 19 June 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Lord_Kizzy to meet up and have discussions on Q3 budget preparation [assignee] lord kizzy, Guillermo [due] 19 June 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Budget, Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, Meeting Summaries, Budget Request, Q2 budget, Q3 Budget, Social media Dashboard, social media, agenda creation, GitHub, Workshop, loyalty system, Budget preparation, github board, Disablities
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming, Friendly, straightforward


## Friday 14th June 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], killy [documenter], lord kizzy, hogantuso, AndrewBen, Slate, kateri, osmium
- Purpose: weekly updates 
- Working Docs:
  - [Proposal Sheet For video workgroup](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- More updates on the Zealy platform.
- slate, as our social media manager, gave weekly updates on our socials.
- More weekly news updates from the Town Hall meeting

#### Action Items:
- [action] Creation of a group for test and training for our two candidates to serve as our reveiwer and communicator for the zealy progeam [assignee] lord kizzy, devon [due] 28 June 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] creation of our Budget proposal [assignee] hogantuso, lord kizzy [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, Videomaking, Task Assignment, Zealy, budget, Q3 budget, town hall, training, test
- emotions: Casual

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, Mikasa, LadyTempestt, devon, Ines, Slate, Gorga Siagian, Ayo, Franklynstein, kateri
- Purpose: Digging deep into Q3 projections and the future of WWG community page.
- Working Docs:
  - [WWG Marking Scheme Template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VvZZQ-BxnGkbD47VrZCmV5RzPcnQ5RYp2ZJz2DHGCV0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [WWG Scribbler Marking Scheme](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11qmb5vMImmtLwnJvgT9EdQfWnDww56L0VuaCcT8OJcQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
The meeting started with Kenichi welcoming everyone to the meeting, he highlighted the meeting's agenda and then we went over the action items from the last meeting.

Ines, tasked with managing the Twitter Spanish page, shared an update from the Twitter side of things! This led to a discussion on what logo would best fit the Spanish page. Following that, she also mentioned the need for a tweet sample from Mikasa that she could use as a template for writing content for the Spanish page.

Discussion and digging deep into the Q3 budget and projections. Kenichi opened the floor for suggestions and ideas will be welcomed with open arms.

Today's meeting also navigated the axis of our substack newsletter and how articles will be published in the future.

We talked about our monthly newsletter; even though we aim to reach more people via email, we want individuals to choose whether they want to receive our emails so we don't clutter their inboxes.

We discussed how the community page articles will be paid for - it was suggested that drafts will be rewarded based on word count and performance. Any article that performs well over time will be rewarded from the points system allocation.

Lady Tempestt asks Kenichi about the Cogito articles from last year and the reward status, and then Kenichi says he'll reach out to Sandra.

On the other hand, Ayo spoke about the WWG onboarding process - he suggested that the WG could have an automated, seamless and faster onboarding process rather than leveraging human power. 

We addressed how many people can get onboarded in a quarter! Since Ines raised questions like (will there be work for new people who are joining the WWG newly?). Ines suggests that we do onboarding at the end of each quarter to help us prepare future budgets and allocation to reward all contributions without having a second thought.




#### Decision Items:
- We decided that 4 articles would be published on our community page every month - Thursdays to be precise.
  - [rationale] To keep people engaged and to reach a wider audience.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that new articles would be published on the SNET’s ecosystem page every Wednesday. Topics will be ecosystem-based. AI, longevity, and whatnot! 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Increase the number of outgoing articles in Q3 because there's a massive surge of interest in the WWG and we'd like to give everyone a chance to tell their story through writing.
  - [rationale] We want to open an opportunity window for aspirants to tell their stories.
  - [opposing] Will there be work for new intakes? However, do we have enough budget to incentivize new people?
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to chase Sandra from Cogito regarding the AI and finance articles that are currently in review. [assignee] Kenichi [status] in progress
- [action] Kenichi to add the pupil tag implementation to the Q3 budget. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] Devon to accept the Zealy reviewer invitation sent by Kenichi.  [assignee] devon [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Substack newsletter, Monthly newsletter, Twitter, Triva, community page, pupil tag, Marking scheme & template , Peer review, Onboarding, Zealy, Notion, Q3 budget
- emotions: interactive, lengthy, funny , Discursive


## Saturday 15th June 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, kateri, martinosoki, oep, lord kizzy, CollyPride, Gorga Siagian
- Purpose: Q3 Budget Discussion and Some in-game options
- Working Docs:
  - [Q3 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1V3uSMWG-7e8P2fQpCa3ET0AE0aPhd58elvxI1iiMGqA/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- Updates on the creation of workgroups 
- In the Q3 budget discussion, various topics were covered including rewards for creating assets, creating new departments, and the number of assets each person can create.
- A little light was shed on the voice system - Gamers can now communicate in-game.
- Game presentation by Colly Pride 
- Alternative platforms for creating models besides Roblox were identified; Slate indicated that Peter possesses land in Decentraland.
- Gorga shared a website that offers premade templates to aid in asset creation.
- Dialogue interface template presented by Slate - All other workgroup dialogue interfaces should adhere to this design, simply modifying the names of NPCs.

#### Decision Items:
- Each member can submit up to 5 assets. 
- The data gathering task for upcoming Working Groups and Guilds will start in next quarter.
  - [rationale] We already possess information on the 3 departments to be established this quarter, and the new guilds and workgroups will be well-established by the following quarter.
- Starting next quarter, the task of summarizing meetings will be rotated among members.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Education Guild Creation [assignee] malik, hufiumer69 [status] todo
- [action] Dialogue system and animation of video workgroup [assignee] lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian [status] todo
- [action] RnD Guild Creation [assignee] CollyPride, oep [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Roblox, participation, metaverse, Budget Request
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, engaging new people, Thoughtful 
- games played: no game