---
description: Mon 29th Jul - Sun 4th Aug 2024
---

# Week 31

## Thursday 1st August 2024


### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Clement Umoh [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, PeterE, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh, LadyTempestt, Effiom, YemiSolves, Duke, MartinSoki, Ayo, Cjfrankie, Gorga Siagian, Merryman, Eric Davies, AdavanceAmeyaw, CollyPride, Kateri, Onize
- Purpose: Weekly meeting featuring discussions on August projections, and how to onboard people to the Ambassador program.
- Working Docs:
  - [Onboarding Journey Script by Rejoice -- Sample 1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13AO_46FarBVOpzklI1WD5HfzEkS-Jt1dugm6TRG8K2c/edit)
  - [Onboarding Workgroup Skillshare Matrix Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12R9WMWZRBQDRnnHUFC3dVoZwRkgKgNfj7uLBSaBNqkg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Scripts Draft 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/146NsS-e3S0yReVwoTTNDCbNYWSKoNOz7VtE2atGPX9o/edit)

#### Town Hall Updates:
1. Clement and Gorga Siagian gave an update on Ambassador Town Hall Updates; they talked about the skills matrix where members of the group made inputs on the skills they already have and would also want to learn. 

2. As a follow up to the skills matrix, they talked about the documentation training session scheduled for 15th August to be led by LadyTempestt, and how the decision to run this session was informed by the skills matrix, and the skills the WG members want to learn.

3. Additionally, they talked about the new set of onboarders who are tasked with the responsibility of onboarding new people into the Program, and how their work is going.



#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Agreeing to the minutes of the last meeting.
- Action items from the last meeting. 
- Facilitation and Documentation Roster.
- Facilitating and Documenting next time. 
- Town Hall updates.
- Skillshare Matrix.
- Assigned Tasks.
- Onboarding Journey scripts.

#### Decision Items:
- After many comments from the WG members, we agreed that the meeting facilitators should meet with their mentees before the meeting to know the sections each of them will take. The same goes for documentation: the main documenter and the mentee will take the meeting notes and compare them after the meeting to spot some mistakes and possible ways to improve on their next try.
  - [rationale] From the facilitation side of things, we seek to have a well-organized change of hands between the facilitator and the mentee. The same goes for meeting facilitation; we seek to groom the mentee by allowing them to take notes as well to help them do better on their next try.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- In view of the recent events, the facilitation and documentation roster will be edited to fit the forthcoming summer holidays.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that Timmy should attend two consecutive meetings preceding his meeting documentation scheduled for 26th Sept 2024; otherwise, someone else will be assigned to it.
  - [rationale] Timmy has been away for a while now, so he has to attend two meetings to prove he is still interested!
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We have assigned people to approach other workgroups/guilds about the skills new members can use and can learn in their WG, namely: LatAm guild (CJfrankie), AI Ethics (LadyTempestt), African guild (Kateri), Marketing guild (Photogee), Writers' WG (Gorga), and Strategy guild (LordKizzy); so we decided that these people will work on this project throughout August and then bring the results on 5th September 2024.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- For the onboarding journeys, we have decided that an Open Governance call (immediatelky after Onboarding WG on Thursdays) will be the best place to discuss these journeys, and each member of the WG should read and comment before the next meeting scheduled for 5th September 2024. On that day, we will also discuss What we should do with the journey scripts (video or infographics?), how to work with it moving forward, and how to use it in a meeting.
  - [rationale] There's still a lot of things to be cleared out.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed to meet on the 1st and 8th of August and then have Lady Tempestt host a documentation session on the 15th; and take the 22nd and 29th of August off.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Gorga Siagian to chase Cjfrankie to decide on a date for the discussion of his allegations against the workgroup. [assignee] Gorga Siagian [due] 8 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Cj Frankie to add the meeting summary note for July the 4th to the meeting summary tool. [assignee] Cjfrankie  [due] 8 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Sucre to edit the facilitation and documentation document to fit the summer holidays. [assignee] Sucren [status] todo
- [action] Colleen to decide on a suitable date for the “GitHub project management” training in September.  [assignee] collene [status] in progress
- [action] Following a discussion with the “training in September,” Vani to share a post in the channel about what other skills people would like to learn because most are talking about decentralized governance. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 8 August 2024 [status] done

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- “Onboarding Journeys” scripts — the next meeting will feature a discussion on the Onboarding Journeys script alongside the comments and thoughts from the WG members.

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Town hall updates, onboarding journeys, GitHub project management training, skillshare matrix, Decentralization,  open governance, meeting facilitation, Documentation, mentorship,
- emotions: informative, insightful, Collaborative, supportive,  forward-looking



### African Guild

No Summary Given

## Friday 2nd August 2024


### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Mikasa, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, devon, Gorga Siagian, Ines, Advanceameyaw, Nebula, Merryman, Eveline Trinite, Kareem, King David, AJ, Eric, Samson Freeman, lordkizzy, esewilliams, Darah, Emmanuel Issac
- Purpose: Weekly meeting of the writers workgroup featuring discussions on onboarding, Zealy, and points system.
- Working Docs:
  - [WWG Scribbler Onboarding Form](https://forms.gle/yLzrMbtUjjhcgWUj9)
  - [SNET WWG-TEST](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit)

#### Narrative:
Our first meeting in August started strong with a warm welcome greeting from Kenichi, and momentarily, he surfed the WG’s Dework board to cite the tasks in progress — Gorga, Inés, and Devon gave us an update on their tasks. Following that, Kenichi emphasized that scribblers should always keep prior bars in mind. Then Cjfrankie shared insights into his journey by providing Gorga with assistance as a new scribbler!


Meeting Agenda: Having ticked off the action items from the last meeting, the meeting officially started with a discussion on July’s points system. Kenichi said that the disbursement didn't happen last Tuesday because there were still many tasks left undone and we needed to clear that off. 


Agenda item number three featured a discussion about September projections! Kenichi said that we might be a mile away from launching the long-anticipated podcast. He also hinted that the marketing guild and video workgroup will play a role in making the podcast come to life. Lastly, he mentioned that anyone interested can start a conversation or a thread in the writers' Discord channel.


Following that, we talked about the Q2 SNET ambassador program's monthly recap and the future recaps for Substack. Since the recaps are usually lengthy, Kenichi said that there's a need to split the recap into workgroups and guild updates separately. 


Onboarding: From a bird's-eye view, there is a massive surge of interest in the WWG. Kenichi pointed out that we have almost reached our KPI for Q3, and at the moment there are only three spots left for scribblers this quarter, so the onboarding window for Q3 2024 will be closed after we have onboarded five scribblers in Q3.

From the Zealy side of things, Cjfrankie talked about spotting a user who has multiple accounts. Gorga, LordKizzy, and several other people present gave their opinions on how we can mitigate the issue. Kenichi added that we can't prevent users from having multiple accounts, and the best approach would be to do a check after the sprint. Whenever we cite multiple accounts by a user, we can check the proof of humanity by tracking how old their Twitter account is or by using the sprinter tag to track how old the account is, and finally, any rewards will only go to one account. 


Following that, Devon shared updates from the video reviews on Zealy. As a matter of finality, LordKizzy suggested that we have a channel where we can discuss Zealy-related topics.



#### Decision Items:
- Following a discussion with Zealy about how to address the issue of users having multiple accounts, we have decided that whenever we cite a user that has multiple accounts, we select one out and send the rewards.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We have agreed to split the monthly SNET ambassador program recap on Substack into workgroups and guild updates. 

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to chase Slate regarding the task he has in progress, “Harnessing AI & Blockchain AMA.” [assignee] Kenichi [due] 9 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Kenichi to create a Zealy channel for the review team where they'd be discussing Zealy matters and how to move forward. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 9 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to add some video WG quests to the Zealy board and also backlog old quests. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 9 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to share the results of the current test taken by the aspirants while the scribes chase them to provide assistance where needed. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 9 August 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Zealy, Points system, Q2 updates, Substack newsletter, podcasts, Task updates, Onboarding, WWG Test, Twitter, sprinters, rewards, multiple accounts, targets, Q3 target, scribbler
- emotions: Welcoming, Collaborative, informative, insightful, forward-thinking

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], hogantuso, malik, killy, Zalfred, lord kizzy, Rojo, lilycupcake, DevonHardy, Cjfrankie, Bazoo, Merryman, King Daniel
- Purpose: Weekly updates 
- Working Docs:
  - [Video Workgroup Budget Request Q3](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gkLF0ymOATPQu_jAWSL1u9QH6OcOIQEClF9ExL6RJQk/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Video Workgroup Q2 Report.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r5BG6w-sdOEoda3sKwIRWtfLioCBGw5sof4tCrnIuac/edit#heading=h.1ooa0j1dxhvv)
  - [Video WG Content Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xqbs48KnfMBY_NgMp_Vo48dHrkEpr_bCM0KfL7x7z4k/edit?gid=371334120#gid=371334120)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates on task management: Malik indicated that he had created the monthly recurrent tasks on Dework and there were 3 new applications which were all rejected after the review process. There was a short clip submitted by Rojo and Lily and it's an animated clip and they requested for $50 per person. The whole  group took a look at the video and commended the work but the major concern was the compensation for the work. Lordkizzy made emphasis on the tight budget the video WG are currently working with for Q3 and said it will be outrageous to pay $50 per person ($100) for a clip when we have a budget of $20 each for 12 clips. Lily dropped in and mentioned that the entire video was created from scratch and we should consider it as a long video rather than a clip. Slate said that once we pay this out, someone can perform a similar task and be expecting the same pay which is not feasible for us, so Lordkizzy suggested we compensate Rojo and Lily's efforts with $30 each. We decided to put it to a poll since the conversation was taking a while. Malik also indicated that he had a discussion with Lordkizzy on the quality of our Town Hall videos.
- Updates from Social Media Management: Tuso highlighted that he was able to ensure that the townhall videos were posted earlier and he would upload two more clips before the week runs out.
- Zealy updates: Devon highlighted that there has been one quest and it's doing well but we should be expecting more quests by Sunday.
- Updates from Lordkizzy: Lordkizzy highlighted that he had a call with Devon on the Zealy program to see the progress so far and discuss the challenges regarding our contents; he also mentioned that he had a call during the week with Rojo to discuss the types of videos that should be created by the Video Workgroup like: Ecosystem updates videos, Announcement videos, and not just educational videos.
- Social Media Automation: Rojo indicated that he was previously working on Buffer but he has come across a more suitable open source platform for social media automation which is called MIXpost. There was a question from Zalfred to Rojo on "if the platform would lead to a reduction of video quality of the content", and  Rojo said there would be more testing of the tool to ensure this doesn't occur. Lordkizzy asked how we could know the most suitable time for posting contents; Rojo answered that the platform is currently working to develop this feature but should be expecting that feature soon.
- Introduction of new members: Bazoo and King David introduced themselves.
- Animation discussion: We discussed on some animation platforms and their payment plans and how feasible they would be for the entire workgroup. So far, we have Whiteboard Animation Maker, Videoscribe, Animated and Canva. Malik also suggested Synthesia, a platform that makes characters talk.
- Quality control process: Lordkizzy had some questions for the group on the anonymity of the reviewers, the selected timeline, and so on, we had so many suggestions but we couldn't make any decisions due to the low numbers in participation from members. 

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Workgroup members to ideate on possible human animation platforms  [assignee] All Members [due] 9 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Task management was assigned to Malik for the month of August. [assignee] malik [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Social media management was assigned to Tuso for the month of August. [assignee] hogantuso [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Weekly Facilitation was assigned to Zalfred for the month of August. [assignee] Zalfred [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Documentation was assigned to Lordkizzy for the month of August. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Town Hall Summary edit was assigned to Andrew Ben for the month of August. [assignee] AndrewBen [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] The Town Hall edit was assigned to Killy for the month of August. [assignee] killy [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lordkizzy and Malik to draft out the Quality control blueprint and present it the workgroup  [assignee] lord kizzy, Malik. [due] 9 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Weekly updates, Budget Reduction, Budget fitting, Zealy Updates, Rewards, Video production, Task Assignment, Contigency, Vacation, Quality Control, Tasks format, animation, animation platforms, MIXpost, video quality, social media, social media automation
- emotions: Casual, productive, Organised, Thoughtful , warm, new ideas, lengthy, decisive, Friendly