---
description: Mon 5th Aug - Sun 11th Aug 2024
---

# Week 32

## Monday 5th August 2024

### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: CallyFromAuron [facilitator], Colleen, sakujennbornean [documenter], CallyFromAuron, PeterE, Clement Umoh, Yemi Solves, LadyTempestt, SucrenSpice, barnabas, Ayo, sakujennbornean, GorgaSeagian, malik, Effiom, aetherblade, CollyPride, esewilliams, osmium, guillermolucero
- Purpose: Regular Meeting of the AI Ethics WG
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [Ambassador Program AI Ethics WG Q2 2024 Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nSifu3pDc--ZzZ91QvTQ0y1ALbkxZ5r7erEzsT82UF0/)
  - [Starter document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ibt8g356vB320x_lDgE80UpervzQHayGPFpJpRcdJo/)
  - [AI ethics, safety, and risk taxonomy and literature](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cmHgsHqsESL-OPu8GPOUQIvdQ3ZtlOJM0THrSt5X2zE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG folder ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pUGsT8pju83nU17bVjSJn0tq-a933yS0?usp=sharing)
  - [Interview participant information sheet and informed consent form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8xIl3Yge3uCN1Nk1J68XaoNE9-_Ou5PpHejVmFRwP4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup TAG Username List](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w66IDx9W2-43lhL0R59NC2xADgJfa4ZtB6sP_d0ZFuo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics GitHub board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2)

#### Narrative:
We worked through the GitHub project board, starting with "In progress" items, then "To do"

Quick discussion of GitHub management, and how we process Issues where several people are paid different amounts (for now, might need to create separate issue for each person to dovetail with Treasury system)

Some issues remain about payment for the strategy-writing tasks, and how the money should be divided between each group; there have been comments outside of meetings about fairness. This raises wider questions for us as a WG on what is fair re: money and pay, and is part of our governance as a WG. (Examples: what happens if someone cannot do a task for reasons beyond their control, such as illness? What if someone drops out of a task? Or if work is done late? What if there's a team, and one person does more work than the others - and how do we determine what is "more work" - is it about time, capability, or something else?) So we agreed to discuss in general terms in our next meeting.

Quick discussion about reportbacks from WG to GEI meetings: Jenn is happy to just share her written reportback rather than actually talking to it in the GEI meeting.

AGI-24: roles are all assigned, and Vani will share info on meeting links, more exact role descriptions, templates for documentwers, etc in the next few days. There will also be a training session with Esther for interviewers. Thanks to all who signed up.

AI Ethics Conversations - not many people have signed up with an idea yet; and 2 of the suggested ideas are actually being covered at the AGI-24 pre-event instead. So requesting more ideas from members.

Confirmed that the "Creating learning resources" budget line has been pushed to Q4, if at all - and noted that Education Guild is already doing some similar work this quarter; there may be scope for collaboration. Vani asked if WGs who are working on learning resources could add a note to the relevant issue on our board, so when we plan for Q4 we know what's been done and don't tread on toes.

On plans for Q3 interviewing: we discussed wide range of good ideas from members; but we're over budget so members are asked to cut down their totals to a max of $200. Confirmed that we want to interview a range of people, from AI professionals to people with no prior knowledge of AI; and importance of covering a range of demographics. Discussed idea of interviewing teenagers - there are additional ethics issues involved, but it should be possible. Also confirmed that we can do more interviewing in Q4.




#### Decision Items:
- Agreed to use part of our next meeting (19th Aug) to discuss principles around money, work and payments
  - [rationale] there have been some disagreements around payments for strategy-writing tasks; it is a subject we need to address and possibly should have addressed earlier
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Issue #26 (Producing learning resources)  to be moved to Q4
  - [rationale] Budget-fitting. Also noted that Education WG is creating (video) learning resources on AI Ethics this quarter, so if we do work on this in Q4 we should keep aware of what they have done so we don't overlap.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Signups for roles at AGI-24 and the pre-event on 7th August have now closed. 
  - [rationale] All the roles are filled
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Costs for the Q3 interviewing "mini-projects" to be capped at $200 each. People who have proposed a set of interviews should edit their budgets to fit
  - [rationale] we are c. $1,000 over budget for the work overall
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Vani and Sucre to check with André on how to manage payment of issues where different people are paid different amounts [assignee] Sucre n Spice, CallyFromAuron [due] 12 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to check with GEI about the issue of interviewing teenagers [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 19 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Meeting Summaries, Payment Divisions, github board, interviewing, AGI-24, Education material, Budget , Budget fitting, GEI
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, funny, Thoughtful 


## Tuesday 6th August 2024


### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: PeterE [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, guillermolucero, onize, esewilliams, barnabas, CollyPride, Effiom, hogantuso, Iain, Clement Umoh, kateri, aetherblade, Advanceameyaw, lord_kizzy, Zalfred, Eric Davies
- Purpose: Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- Town Hall Number: 109
- Working Docs:
  - [Ubio's AI Search Tooling for Archives WG](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1flCXW61HRlAxSu45t3dbqLpEHqHRcxn1OIlk376NEX8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Indigenous Protocol and Artificial Intelligence position paper](https://spectrum.library.concordia.ca/id/eprint/986506/7/Indigenous_Protocol_and_AI_2020.pdf)


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=0s) Intro
[00:38](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=38s)  Agenda
[01:08](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=68s)  What Is The Ambassador Program?
[01:46](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=106s) Mentions - Wg Sync Call This Thursday; Metta Study Group
[03:04](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=184s)  Agi-24 Pre-event Roundtable, 7th August
[05:49](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=349s)  Adn24 Recap From Guillermo And Latam Guild
[14:43](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=883s)  Archives Wg - Research Into Ai Tooling For Archives And Recordkeeping 
[26:20](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=1580s)  Questions On Archives Wg's Presentation
[34:16](https://youtu.be/_DRM4wrCtr4?si=h9FRYl5qdaYzw_5e\&t=2056s)  Possible Deadlines And Process For Q4 Budget Decision Process

#### Town Hall Summary:
Mentions this week included:
 - there will be a Workgroup Sync call this Thurs - a new-ish initiative where workgroup and guild leads get together to discuss issues of common concern. The last one was not well-attended, so hoping for fuller representation from WGs this time
 - MetTa study group on Fridays - a new initiative for those who want to learn more about Metta. Also noted today's Technical Tuesday was about how Metta allows scaling for OpenCog Hyperon - see https://www.youtube.com/live/DqadfpXj3rE?si=lnJ6w9jXLaarJZUD

Mention of the AGI-24 pre-event: a roundtable discussion with Ben Goertzel, David Wood, Gabriel Axel Montes, Elizabeth Shaw, Anneloes Smitsman (see https://www.youtube.com/live/CS_M3GQY9Vk?si=ZEbSL0FPhHQc-TRE), followed by breakout rooms led by members of LatAm Guild and AI Ethics WorkGroup, covering topics including anthropomorphisation in AI, Indigenous cultures' approach to AI (see position paper, https://spectrum.library.concordia.ca/id/eprint/986506/7/Indigenous_Protocol_and_AI_2020.pdf) and 

LatAm Guild gave a heartfelt presentation about their presence at the recent ADN event in Buenos Aires and the importance and value of the LatAm Guild's growth, and Argentina as the centre of an important event - see blog post https://singularitynet-latam.medium.com/presencia-de-la-comunidad-latina-de-singularitynet-en-el-evento-adn-en-buenos-aires-e4bc960bfdfd

Archives WG gave a presentation about the research they have been doing into AI tooling for archives and recordkeeping, including sentiment analysis and whether AI can apply human-generated tags, followed by some inyteresting questions - see slides https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1flCXW61HRlAxSu45t3dbqLpEHqHRcxn1OIlk376NEX8/edit?usp=sharing

Mention of the initial discussions on the Q4 budgets decisionmaking process, and the start of discussing deadlines and schedule for Q4 budget submission; to be discussed in next Open Governance call this Thursday.




#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ADN24, events, Metta, Technical Tuesdays, Workgroup sync call, LatAm, LLMs, Archives WorkGroup, recordkeeping, research, sentiment analysis, tagging, virtual round table, Ben Goetzel, David Wood, Elizabeth Shaw, Anneloes Smitsman, The Gabriel Axel Montes interview episode
- emotions: in-depth, cordial, interested, emotional, heartfelt, pride



## Wednesday 7th August 2024


### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: lord kizzy [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Kenichi, AJ, Peter, Rojo, osmium, Yemi Solves, barnabas, Onize, Seun Tunde, WaKa
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 budget Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tE6T_OLUZ1DgEGHnBfEhrI7iQuwwTE6eUD0w17UvTbk/edit)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report / R&D Guild Proposal & Q2 Community Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19W8jlC20q2JVdknBMwBrtI95LQFYizraQvrnxAw68Wc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS! 
- SHOWCASE FINISHED PROPOSAL
- NEW OPERATIONS SYSTEM GOING FORWARD

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Advanceameyaw gave the updates on Collaboration Skill Database; they are currently preparing a one-pager document highlighting the scope of the project and they are currently focused on the skills form and database.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Rojo gave a presentation of MixPost and reference that the presentation wasn't for the premium version, he also highlighted that he will request a release of funding for the licensing and also the maintenance and hosting. 
- NEW OPERATIONS SYSTEM GOING FORWARD and VOTING PROCESS; Lordkizzy shared the new operations system and we had open discussion on the voting process. Clement suggested that issue of people having more votes representation for larger proposals should be very stated. For example, How are we defining large proposals? Are we defining in terms of deliverables or in terms of funding ask? Secondly we need to  be more definitive of the exact percentage we're talking about. Are we demanding for 60% of entire core contributors' votes?
- Voting pools: we had more discussions on the voting pools, there was a suggestion of having two pools, the Ideation pool and Development pool, also anothere suggestion for a demo pool for now
- Kenichi spoke on rewarding unfinished projects without deliverables and asked some questions on the Collaboration Skills Database and reference that the guild should be strict while distributing funds without proper documentation and reports
- Kenichi gave a presentation on the User Flow for Reputation System and Website Integration and lordkizzy gave a suggestion on how the Collaboration Skills Database could be intergrated into the legacy system

#### Decision Items:
- We have decided to proceed with the transition from the development of the Social Media Automation tool to an Open source platform called MixPost
  - [rationale] the platform has some advanced features that would take months of development to reach that level 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Guillermo and Lord kizzy to have a discussion with Rojo and kenichi on similarities between their projects and to see if there is a possibility for collaboration  [assignee] Guillermo, lord kizzy [due] 7 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Clement to reach out to Duke to create an infographic to project presentation on discord [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 7 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to present a graphical presentaion in the next call to share the updates on the Legacy project [assignee] Kenichi [due] 7 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Rojo to present an initial report on Social Media Automation [assignee] Rojo [due] 14 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Tool Development, AI tooling, contributors, Operations, Deliverables, Core team, Presentation, Voting process, pools, MixPost, Social Media Automation, skills database, pools, reputation
- emotions: Casual, Collaborative, speedy, Welcoming



### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: lord kizzy [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], effiom, lord_kizzy, advanceameyaw, hamzat, Photogee, Gorga Siagian, YemiSolves
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764594944356009&cot=14)
- Other media: [Link]( https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Async Organising Process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nhK0TK1pRYlHwzOI-nUe9olyGRWXZcTMuiRqtzfWrSw/edit#heading=h.rrq7vksufe62)
  - [Writers Workgroup Async Resource Collections](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764574353771652&cot=14)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Onboarding Feedback (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aepifawXPW_zG5Gd1jt1tveenZorS23mnhFrmuPbtJc/edit?resourcekey#gid=1012113575)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Infographic](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1S24dJki0gT7oZrDy96IfA5Tz8OkyHm9l/view)
  - [Scribbler Onboarding Form (Google Form)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiAyiWjXjiUYLd7iGEvaEFqC8KsSVRQR-diZTevVAaoYTZBw/viewform)

#### Agenda item 1 - Knowledge Base WG Onboarding and Feedback Form - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- A new member joined the meeting
- Used the infographic to onboard new member
- There was no new feedback to be reviewed

#### Decision Items:
- Check feedback form again in next meeting or by next month
  - [rationale] The check should be monthly as the feedback is usually valuable to the WG
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Publicise the feedback form again by sharing it [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Writers WG Items to be added to Gitbook - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Writers WG Items: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764574353771652&cot=14
- 11 writers WG items to be selected for Gitbook
- What is a valid item for Gitbook?
- Are meeting notes valid assets to be organised for Gitbook?

#### Decision Items:
- Meeting notes are already archived on Archives Gitbook, hence they should not be organised again 
  - [rationale] Meetings notes are not valid items to be organised
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 6 Writers' WG items were selected as valid assets for Ambassador Gitbook
  - [rationale] These items were agreed on by WG members
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 4 Writers' WG items were not selected as valid Gitbook assets
  - [rationale] These items were agreed on by WG members
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Move the 6 items to Miro board Kanban to be organised async [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Reviewing Item - Scribbler Onboarding Form (Google Form) - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Asset link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiAyiWjXjiUYLd7iGEvaEFqC8KsSVRQR-diZTevVAaoYTZBw/viewform
- Live review of organised Writers' WG asset

#### Decision Items:
- We removed item from 'How do we manage financial resources' under Executive functions 
  - [rationale] When somebody asks how do you manage Ambassador Program Resources, handing them this form will not do much
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Item was removed from 'How do we evaluate Ambassador Program' under Evaluation Criteria
  - [rationale] The scribblers onboarding form doesn't show how we evaluate the entire ambassador program
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We removed item from 'How do we identify issues and challenges' under Identification Process
  - [rationale] This form is only related to one WG not the entire ambassador program
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Item to be moved here https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764595177345598&cot=10 [assignee] lord kizzy, Effiom [due] 8 August 2024 [status] done

#### Agenda item 4 - Workgroup Planning - Next Session - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Next session is on 21.08.24
- Facilitation and documentation of the next session

#### Decision Items:
- Ayo to facilitate next session and Effiom as backup if he is unavailable
  - [rationale] Ayo had indicated interest to facilitate
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Gorga to document next session
  - [rationale] Gorga indicated interest and it was agreed
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Notify both the facilitator and documenter ahead of the next meeting [assignee] Effiom [due] 20 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board, Onboarding, Feedback Form, feedback, Writers WorkGroup, Items, Facilitation, Documentation
- emotions: Collaborative, interesting, Deliberative, fun


## Thursday 8th August 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Ayo [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], Vanessa, SucrenSpice, Peter, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh, LadyTempestt, daniel effiom, MartinSoki, Ayo, Cjfrankie, Gorga Siagian, Eric, Photogee, Kateri
- Purpose: Weekly meeting discussing how to onboard people to the Ambassador program
- Working Docs:
  - [Skillshare Matrix Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12R9WMWZRBQDRnnHUFC3dVoZwRkgKgNfj7uLBSaBNqkg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p2u-GhdK6cVCS6TmU2ME2G5WbtEIOzSxSVpGHC0fzbQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [BUDGET-FITTED Onboarding WG budget Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SCBv9Fi8MZLefKSs-ezzfVnIpDJfu6BqcT2uVU6glmk/edit?gid=2014555984#gid=2014555984)
  - [Onboarding Journey Scripts 1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13AO_46FarBVOpzklI1WD5HfzEkS-Jt1dugm6TRG8K2c/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding Journey Scripts 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/146NsS-e3S0yReVwoTTNDCbNYWSKoNOz7VtE2atGPX9o/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Town Hall Updates:
1. Update on how the Onboarders team are doing with new members coming along.

2. The documentation session will take place on 15th August. There will be a recording and slides of this session made available to everyone.



#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes from the last meeting
- Action items from the last meeting 
- Facilitation/Documentation roster 
- TownHall Updates
- Onboarding Journeys Scripts - no decisions on what to do with them yet as it is budget-dependent
- SkillShare Matrix
- Temporarily closing the WG
- Documentation Session on 15th
- AOB(Gorga’s Allegations)

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to have the focus group decide what needs to be cut out of our budget before doing more items on our Q3 budget proposal.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to have Eric Davies as one more member and then close our WG till next year. So from now till next year we will not give people tags or tasks.
  - [rationale] It will be unfair to leave him hanging till next year if we open up our WG as he is 1 meeting away from being a member
- We agreed that the Onboarding journey scripts finetuned by Onize and Vani are great and should be used!
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Gorga is to reach out to CJ Frankie to fix a date to sort out his allegations against the WG. [assignee] Gorga Siagian [due] 5 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to edit the Onboarding WG facilitation/documentation roster to reflect our current plan. [assignee] Sucre n Spice [due] 5 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] CJ Frankie will give Onboarding WG town hall updates on the 27th of August. [assignee] Cjfrankie  [due] 27 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Gorga will mentor CJ Frankie in giving TH updates for the month of August. [assignee] Gorga Siagian [due] 27 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] CJ Frankie to create an infographic on the 15th August documentation session and publicize it on SNET Discord before Tuesday or Wednesday next week. [assignee] Cjfrankie  [due] 13 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lord Kizzy to reach out to Timmy and find out if he's interested in being mentored as a documenter by shadowing Lord Kizzy at our next meeting on the 5th of September.  [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 5 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- What should we do next year with new members who have been attending our meetings this year without the tags since the WG is currently closed?

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: TH Update , Budget, Session, Onboarding Journey Scripts, Workgroup closure, allegation, Town Hall updates, infographic, budget cuts
- emotions: Collaborative, tense, argumentative, funny 


## Friday 9th August 2024

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], hogantuso, malik, killy, Zalfred, lord kizzy, Rojo, Merryman, King Daniel, WaKa, oep, Advanceameyaw, AndrewBen, thisruti, RealMoyo, Slate
- Purpose: Weekly updates 
- Working Docs:
  - [Video Workgroup Budget Request Q3](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gkLF0ymOATPQu_jAWSL1u9QH6OcOIQEClF9ExL6RJQk/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Video Workgroup Q2 Report.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r5BG6w-sdOEoda3sKwIRWtfLioCBGw5sof4tCrnIuac/edit#heading=h.1ooa0j1dxhvv)
  - [Video WG Content Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xqbs48KnfMBY_NgMp_Vo48dHrkEpr_bCM0KfL7x7z4k/edit?gid=371334120#gid=371334120)
  - [Quality Control Blueprint](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j-IvVfleiXHRZoduxcMxi7pQwon15qcY2vN9p_waXyU/edit#heading=h.z6fzop9orwn7)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates on task management: Malik indicated that one new member joined the Video WG (Subzero), and made the initial draft for the Quality Control Blueprint.
- Updates from Social Media Management: Tuso highlighted that he was able to ensure that the townhall videos were posted earlier and he uploaded a clip and a long video within the week
- Updates from Lordkizzy: Lordkizzy and slate gave updates from the WG Sync call and Governance call, and pleaded for more participation in these essential calls
- Social Media Automation: Rojo gave a presentation on mixpost and explained its features to the group
- Quality control process: Lordkizzy presented the Blueprint for Quality Control, and threw some questions to the group.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that subzero would be a member of the video WG since the video was approved by the majority
  - [rationale] The video had a majority vote in favour of acceptance into the video WG, but a few mistakes were highlighted
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that we weren't going with anonymity for the review team
  - [rationale] We peferred to go with a more transparent approach
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Workgroup members to ideate on possible human animation platforms  [assignee] All Members [due] 9 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Task management was assigned to Malik for the month of August. [assignee] malik [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Social media management was assigned to Tuso for the month of August. [assignee] hogantuso [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Weekly Facilitation was assigned to Zalfred for the month of August. [assignee] Zalfred [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Documentation was assigned to Lordkizzy for the month of August. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Town Hall Summary edit was assigned to Andrew Ben for the month of August. [assignee] AndrewBen [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] The Town Hall edit was assigned to Killy for the month of August. [assignee] killy [due] 16 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lordkizzy and Malik to draft out the Quality control blueprint and present it the workgroup  [assignee] lord kizzy, Malik. [due] 9 August 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Weekly updates, Budget Reduction, Budget fitting, Zealy Updates, Rewards, Video production, Task Assignment, Contigency, Vacation, Quality Control, Tasks format
- emotions: Casual, productive, Organised, Thoughtful , warm, new ideas, lengthy, decisive, Friendly