---
description: Mon 12th Aug - Sun 18th Aug 2024
---

# Week 33

## Monday 12th August 2024

### Strategy Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Ayo [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Ayo, Effiom, PeterE, Gorgasiagian, YemiSolves, LordKizzy, Kateri Nick, Hogantuso, Mikasa, Cjfrankie, Photogee, Merryman, Billy, Ese Williams, King David, AJ
- Purpose: Strategy Guild Workshop Day Three - Solution Framework Session Two
- Other media: [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01J53MYQSR3B3GXMG4R3NA6HXD?utm_source=Share_CopyLink)
- Working Docs:
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 5th August 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a4S9jdv7BqNCk7QcB3-oE8CHygJR72abXYXJbpggOis/edit#heading=h.6fyp3cl3ve7w)
  - [Strategy Guild 12th August Session Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/173h19fPORvau785j3KPEUB7hhwumG9KXOEO9-74TEmE/edit#heading=h.shxqnobd9709)
  - [Ideation Workshop Session Report](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ObqjPMxOiIldhyYtTwZ2XmhiI5PKtxdJ67DWh9rAImU/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild Workshop Day Three Solution Framework Session Two](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gjkhZX0sQpa7SBL4uY0ZTjawdCS90YOvgLFzg4-fINA/edit)
  - [Notes: Strategy Guild Workshop Day Three Solution Framework Session Two](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WinQlmlKoJY_P6DQ81QulCgpQcb70VrywjJeboY0jKE/edit)
  - [Possible Survey Questions [Strategy Guild]](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vCw-uSNJ8X18Cq3QtdGGF18xn-Rq2n9wE3DnnvDs__w/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Membership](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ym6eVAmf8LY-8TZq-VxONrFUizAaVQmP_V69GASivEQ/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
INTRODUCTION - Ayo delivered a welcome address. He stated that this meeting was the 3rd session of the workshop, being that we already had the Ideation session which was the 1st session, and the last meeting was the 2nd session. He highlighted that the next session would be the close-out session and it would be focused on report analysis, adoption, and adaptation.


ACTION ITEMS CHECKBOXES FROM THE LAST MEETING - This was led by Ayo, items DONE were closed and others were left OPEN:

1. Everyone to contribute to the Strategy Guild Working Document [OPEN]

2. Core members should indicate interest in facilitating the new sheet in the working doc [OPEN]

3. Effiom to share previous meeting summaries and this meeting summary [DONE]

4. YemiSolves to document and share the Workshop Session [DONE]

5. Adopt Last Meeting Notes - 05.08.2024 [DONE]

6. Effiom to verify the 5 people who have already met the requirements for the Core member tag [DONE]


ONBOARD NEW MEMBERS/CORE MEMBER ROLL CALL - Since the last meeting, 3 new people (i.e. Photogee, Kenichi, and Cjfrankie) have indicated an interest in becoming core members of the Strategy Guild.

Having met all the requirements, Kenichi was welcomed as a core member of the Strategy Guild. The document on how to become a core member of this guild is the Strategy Guild Membership docx


STRATEGY GUILD Q3 RESEARCH - Effiom shared updates on the Strategy Guild research and the positive collaborative nature of this survey.


THE OUTBOUND WGs/Gs WORKSHOP SOLUTION SESSION PHASE TWO - The Workshop documenter will share the notes for this session. See reference to notes below:

* Strategy Guild Workshop Day Three Solution Framework Session Two docx

* Notes: Strategy Guild Workshop Day Three Solution Framework Session Two docx


A.O.B - Ayo expressed gratitude to the participants and provided an overview of the plan for the next sessions


#### Decision Items:
- The next meeting will be focused on report analysis, adoption, and adaptation.
  - [rationale] This is based on the outline for the Strategy Guild workshop
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Participants from other WGs are to join the next sessions
  - [rationale] Representatives from Video WG, Writers WG and Marketing Guild are required for the Workshop and were duly notified
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue contribution to the Guildâ€™s working document [status] todo
- [action] Core members should indicate interest in facilitating the new sheet in the working doc [status] todo
- [action] YemiSolves to document and share notes of the Workshop Session [assignee] YemiSolves [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Effiom to draft and make meeting notes available [assignee] Effiom [due] 19 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] YemiSolves to create and share a sheet for Guilds/WGs rep to add other contributions to aid the report and analysis of the workshop [assignee] YemiSolves [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guild Membership, Workshop Ideation, Core Membership, Research, survey, participation, contribution, Video WG, Marketing Guild, Writers WG
- emotions: Brainstorm, planning, Ideating, interesting, Collaborative


## Tuesday 13th August 2024

### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: PeterE [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], PeterE, Effiom, hogantuso, CollyPride, Will Tatz, Sucre n Spice, osmium, Billy, Zalfred, Cjfrankie
- Purpose: Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- Town Hall Number: 110

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=0s) Intro 
[00:11](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=11s) Agenda
[01:24](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=84s) What Is The Ambassador Program?
[01:58](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=118s) Mentions
[02:02](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=122s) Agi-24 Conference Currently Live; Livestream Presentations Plus Chillout Room Run By Ai Ethics Workgroup.
[02:28](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=148s) Budget Constraints Due To Fall In Token Price - Opengov Wg
[03:58](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=238s) Onboarding Wg - Training Session On Documentation Skills
[05:25](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=325s) Open Round 
[05:44](https://youtu.be/MFS-b5aCsEw?si=preYo7doO7LdJAvA\&t=344s) Quick Temperature Check On Budget Consent Process

#### Town Hall Summary:
Today's Town Hall was short, since attendance was low due to it being August and many people being on holiday, and overlap with the AGI-24 virtual conference.

Mentions this week included:
- AGI-24 conference opened today (13th-16th Aug 2024) https://agi-conf.org/2024/, with livestream presentations each day plus a chillout room/watch party run by the Ambassador Program's AI Ethics Workgroup

Possible budget constraint implications of the recent fall in token price - will be further discussd in Open Goverance WG on Thurs

Forthcoming training session from Onboarding WG on 15th August, on documentation skills

Timeline has been established in today's Governance WG call for the Q4 budget decision process:

- Budgets and Q3 reports submitted:  Monday 9th Sept 23:59 UTC
- Deadline for first consent form: Thurs 12th September, 23:59 UTC
- Individual forms are shared for any WGs that have a "don't consent" Fri 13th Sept
- Deadline for core contributors to submit these: Monday 16th Sept, 23:59 UTC
- First discussion meeting: Tues 17th Sept in the Governance WG call.
- WGs with outstanding concerns after this meeting have till Sunday 22nd Sept, 23:59 UTC to amend and resubmit their budgets
- Last round of consent forms go out  Mon 23rd Sept
- Deadline for core contributors to submit forms Weds 25th Sept, 23:59 UTC
- Final discussion meeting: Thurs 26th September in the Open Governance meeting






#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: AGI-24, conference, chillout, chill room, AI Ethics WG, Budget , Documentation, training, Onboarding WG, token price, budget constraints, consent process, Q4 budget decision
- emotions: relaxed, brief, short, friendly 


## Wednesday 14th August 2024


### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Kenichi, AJ, Rojo, osmium, WaKa, Advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, lord kizzy, Guillermo
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 budget Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tE6T_OLUZ1DgEGHnBfEhrI7iQuwwTE6eUD0w17UvTbk/edit)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report / R&D Guild Proposal & Q2 Community Concern Response](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19W8jlC20q2JVdknBMwBrtI95LQFYizraQvrnxAw68Wc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS! 
- SHOWCASE FINISHED PROPOSAL
- NEW OPERATIONS SYSTEM GOING FORWARD

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: AJ and Advanceameywu gave the updates on Collaboration Skill Database; they presented the one-pager document highlighting the scope of the project and they are currently focused on the skills form and database. Rojo suggested that the database could be in the same place as the exsisting database because it would be great if the databases are interconnected, he also suggested an initial design on an Excel sheet showing the relationship of form with the database.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Rojo gave a presentation on the Web3 CONTRIBUTIONS Dashboard, and we had discussions on how it could be intergrated with Legacy and Collaboration Skills Database
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Rojo gave a presentation on the initial report for the Social Media Automation and he explained the Fund Request. The discussions was centered around where this tool could be used and if we plan to monetize it to other projects.

#### Decision Items:
- We have decided to procced with the transition from the development of the Social Media Automation tool to an Open source platform called MixPost
  - [rationale] a poll was conducted to approve this decision, and a final report will be presented at the end of the Quarter.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rojo to present an initial report on Social Media Automation [assignee] Rojo [due] 14 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guillermo to disburse funds to Duke (The final part of project's allocation) and Rojo (for licenscing and hosting) [assignee] Guillermo [due] 21 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Lord kizzy to present the final draft for the new Operations System [assignee] Guillermo, lord kizzy [due] 21 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Tool Development, AI tooling, contributors, Operations, Deliverables, Core team, Presentation, pools, MixPost, Social Media Automation, Rewards, skills database
- emotions: Casual, Collaborative, speedy , Welcoming, Thoughtful 



### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Kenichi, Billy, Clement Umoh, esewilliams, malik, osmium, Mikasa, Yemi Solves, lord kizzy, kateri, King David, martinsoki, Merryman, Photogee, thisruti, WaKa, Slate, Gorga Siagian
- Purpose: - Overview of the overall progress with the Core Contributor Certification Program  - Slate Automation Setup for Core Contributor Certification Program  - Quizzes Distribution - Malik NFT for Certification - Kenichi's Presentation Series Project 
#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Overview of the overall progress with the Core Contributor Certification Program
- Slate: Automation setup for Core Contributor Certification Program  
-  Quizzes Distribution 
- Malik NFT for Certification
-  Kenichi's Presentation Series Project

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everybody 
- Then Slate explained the overall progress with the "CCCP" , in which he mentioned that we have complete all the 17 spin off project infographics and their videos 
- Then he moved over to the quizzes progress in which he showcased that out 17 quizzes, 12 have been reviewed and paid out while 5 are in progress whose completion is necessary for the CCCP to go live 
- Then he showcased the automation he set up for the certification program. it was mentioned that since we are going to be having 17 classrooms, one for each spin-off project, each classroom will have three things: an infographic, a video and the quiz for that spin-off project 
- Inititally 1 classroom code is going to be shared with every core contributor, and in order to receive the next classroom code the core contributor will have to pass the quiz for that specific classroom. If they are not able to pass in one attempt, the journey for the certification will come to an end and that core contributor will have to wait till the next batch of the certification program.
- In case of passing the quiz , the automation will come in place and take it from there and will automatically evaluate if you have passed the quiz or not. If you have, you will receive an email to your given email address, which will give you the classroom code for the next  classroom, and so on until you reach the end of  certification program and complete all 17 spin off projects.
- In order for everything to be transparent, a "Dashboard Sheet " will also be shared with everybody which will automatically fetch all the data from all the classrooms and display everyone's results and how much progress they have made.
- Then Slate advised Malik to start the creation of the NFTs for certification. 
- Slate also prepared a small test for testing the automation, in which 3 forms were given to everybody and each form was completely automated. The automations were perfectly tested and finalized.
- Then Slate distributed some quizzes to the meeting participants 
- Then Kenichi gave a presentation for the project he proposed which is "Presentation Series", everybody really liked the presentation.
- The automation also received a lot of positive remarks and everybody is looking forward to the final product.

#### Decision Items:
- 70% will be the passing score for each quiz 
  - [rationale] most of the group agreed
  - [opposing] Nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Test the automation
  - [rationale] nil
  - [opposing] nil 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Gorga and Osmium to shift all the quizzes from Google docs to Google forms 
  - [rationale] nil 
  - [opposing] nil 

#### Action Items:
- [action] Work on completing the automation [assignee] Slate [due] 21 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] task assignment for NFT to Malik  [assignee] Slate [due] 14 August 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Automation , Presentation, Testing, Task Assignment, passing criteria 
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike.


## Friday 16th August 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Zalfred [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], hogantuso, malik, killy, Zalfred, lord kizzy, Merryman, King Daniel, oep, AndrewBen, Slate, Advanceameyaw
- Purpose: Weekly updates 
- Working Docs:
  - [Video Workgroup Budget Request Q3](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gkLF0ymOATPQu_jAWSL1u9QH6OcOIQEClF9ExL6RJQk/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Video Workgroup Q2 Report.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r5BG6w-sdOEoda3sKwIRWtfLioCBGw5sof4tCrnIuac/edit#heading=h.1ooa0j1dxhvv)
  - [Video WG Content Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xqbs48KnfMBY_NgMp_Vo48dHrkEpr_bCM0KfL7x7z4k/edit?gid=371334120#gid=371334120)
  - [Quality Control Blueprint](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j-IvVfleiXHRZoduxcMxi7pQwon15qcY2vN9p_waXyU/edit#heading=h.z6fzop9orwn7)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates on task management: Malik created a poll regarding closing the applications for the Video WG, and has informed the interested participants 
- Updates from Social Media Management; Tuso highlighted that 11 videos were posted during the month including the summaries and the town hall.
- Updates from Lordkizzy: Lordkizzy gave the updates from the governance call, and also presented the calculations to the group which shows that the WG cannot operate efficently due to its budget deficiencies
- Updates on Zealy: Lord kizzy expressed that he wasn't impressed with the level of engagement of the video WG contents on Zealy. Slate mentioned that Devon should be granted editoral access for the Zealy platform. Lordkizzy emphasized on the need of initiative for the contents of the video Wg 
- Quality control process: Lordkizzy presented the final draft of Blueprint for the Quality Control. The document will be posted in the WG channel for feedback, here is the document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j-IvVfleiXHRZoduxcMxi7pQwon15qcY2vN9p_waXyU/edit#heading=h.z6fzop9orwn7
- Discussions on animation platforms: The platforms mentioned included Videoscribe, Synthesia, Animaker, Whiteboard. Further discussions on this will be held in the next call

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to close applications for new members to join the WG.
  - [rationale] The video WG had a poll on this and majority of the members were in favour of closing applications
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Workgroup members to ideate on possible human animation platforms  [assignee] All Members [due] 9 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Task management was assigned to Malik for the month of August. [assignee] malik [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Social media management was assigned to Tuso for the month of August. [assignee] hogantuso [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Weekly Facilitation was assigned to Zalfred for the month of August. [assignee] Zalfred [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Documentation was assigned to Lordkizzy for the month of August. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Town Hall Summary edit was assigned to Andrew Ben for the month of August. [assignee] AndrewBen [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] The Town Hall edit was assigned to Killy for the month of August. [assignee] killy [due] 16 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lordkizzy and Malik to draft out the Quality control blueprint and present it the workgroup  [assignee] lord kizzy, Malik. [due] 9 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] The Town Hall summary edit was assigned to Killy for the month  [assignee] killy [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] The Town Hall edit was assigned to AndrewBen for the month [assignee] AndrewBen [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Task management was assigned to Zalfred for the month [assignee] Zalfred [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Social media management was assigned to OEP for the month [assignee] oep [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Weekly Facilitation was assigned to Slate for the month [assignee] Slate [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Documentation was assigned to Tuso for the month [assignee] hogantuso [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lordkizzy to make futher enquires on the presented animation platforms [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 23 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lordkizzy and Malik are the reviewers for the month [assignee] lord kizzy, Malik. [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Weekly updates, Budget Reduction, Budget fitting, Zealy Updates, Rewards, Video production, Task Assignment, Contigency, Vacation, Quality Control, Tasks format, new members, closing workgroup, animation, governance, governance WG, governance calls, WG sync calls
- emotions: Casual, productive, Organised, Thoughtful , warm, new ideas, lengthy, decisive, Friendly

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Mikasa, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, devon, Gorga Siagian, Advanceameyaw, Nebula, Merryman, King David, AJ, Emmanuel Isaac, Nengi, Darah-mola, Evelyn Robert, Nebula1224
- Purpose: Weekly meeting of the writers workgroup 
- Other media: [Link](https://x.com/LadyTraderRa/status/1823904196367970731)
- Working Docs:
  - [WWG Scribbler Onboarding Form](https://forms.gle/yLzrMbtUjjhcgWUj9)

#### Narrative:
Agenda:
- Q3 quarterly report
- MixPost tool; and WWG alliance with the R&D guild and Video WG
- Substack newsletter
- Cogito
- Open Gov call, budgets, WG reserves, Treasury
- WWG test applicants
- Zealy

The meeting kicked off with Kenichi welcoming everyone to the meeting. We started by checking the action items from the last meeting, which led to a lengthy discussion. First off, our discussion was centered around the Q3 quarterly report and what we're going to present in the Q3 report document. 

Kenichi shared more insider tips on the MIXPost tool from the R&D guild! He highlighted how this tool will be beneficial to the WWG, especially for social media scheduling. He mentioned that the R&D guild will take care of the maintenance and licensing for three months. After this period, the video WG and WWG will take full responsibility. Lastly, Kenichi added that the project is still in its infancy, so he'd develop a close connection with Rojo to stay in the loop so the WWG would get the most out of the tool.

We also talked about how the Writers' workgroup could publish the monthly Substack newsletter a bit sooner; in recent times, the WG has been faced with some delays. Kenichi proposed the idea of signposting scribblers to WGs and guilds which they do not often attend, to capture actual facts about the meeting. He also added that he would create a column in the points system sheet to track these activities.

Following that, Cjfrankie shared an update on his discussion with Sandra regarding the articles the scribblers wrote for Cogito a little while ago. Sanda did mention that she'd reach out to Kenichi afterward to discuss the payments. Momentarily, with screen sharing, Kenichi shed light on how the WG could tap into Cogito for more article deals. He proposed the idea of making Twitter threads ðŸ§µ.

We switched gears to discuss the conversation around the OpenGov call held on August 15th. Lady Tempestt set the Thames on fire with conversations about digging into the WWG reserves. The discussion also featured talks around multisig wallets and the WWG allocation status. 

We had a discussion on the tests taken by the aspirants â€” Kenichi mentioned that the result sheets would be announced in the next meeting. 

From the Zealy side of things, Kenichi announced that Julyâ€™s sprint will be ending in a few days; in light of this, he spoke about a 48-hour marathon, which involves adding quests on the board to enable the sprinters to boost their chances of topping the chart. Following the earlier discussion on the AGIX token price, Kenichi stated that the Writers' WG might reach out to the Marketing Guild to pull in some funds to back up the next Zealy sprint. 



#### Decision Items:
- Due to the AGIX depreciation, we have agreed to cut down on tasks and move some drafts to Q4.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Following a discussion on AGIX price, we decided that we would onboard only two extra scribblers this quarter! On the other hand, we decided that the other aspirants who took the test might get the scribbler tag, but no contribution until Q4.
  - [rationale] AGIX is dropping. So, the budget might not be enough to reward members for their contributions.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We have agreed that moving forward we will focus more on high-priority tasks for the SNET ecosystem page while the community page gets updated with content more often because the page is still in its infancy. 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to chase Peter to get more clarity on the WWG Treasury Allocation Status. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 23 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to add more Zealy quests on the board to enable sprinters to boost their chances before the sprint ends. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 18 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to create a column in the points system sheet to track WGs and guild meeting reports. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 23 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Cjfrankie to announce the 48-hour Zealy marathon on the channel. [assignee] Cjfrankie  [due] 18 August 2024 [status] done

#### Learning Points:
- Multisig â€” a crypto wallet that requires two or more signatures to confirm and send a transaction.

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Zealy, medium, Cogito, AGIX, Twitter threads, Points system, WWG Test, Governance, MIXPOST, Treasury, Reserve, R&D guild, Marketing Guild, Video WG, Marathon, multisig, mutisig wallet, AGIX price, token price, 
- emotions: funny , Deliberative, insightful, informative