---
description: Mon 26th Aug - Sun 1st Sep 2024
---

# Week 35

## Monday 26th August 2024

### Strategy Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Ayo [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Ayo, Effiom, Gorga, Yemi, Photogee, Merryman, Billy, Tuso, Ese Williams, Mikasa, Eric Davies
- Purpose: Strategy Guild Workshop Feedback Session
- Other media: [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01J67QNEZ1761QSRGVA0T2DAZ3?utm_source=Share_CopyLink)
- Working Docs:
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 19th August 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZpiMlAUHPtIt8PGFK4xwb56NWYv4i5u0VmGeK9blR5Q/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild 26th August Session Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vIlcZRzozh6NOb25JtLo5mH7g-4YPMXVj5w5JTcLEYE/edit#heading=h.shxqnobd9709)
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 26th August 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u-HgM64X4Bj_A8zwd41EKd6e_QXELriB5zwJ3JBpkKo/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy Guild Membership](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ym6eVAmf8LY-8TZq-VxONrFUizAaVQmP_V69GASivEQ/edit)
  - [Report: Strategy Guild Workshop Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s5NjLoXFrUtlMmLtoabYWAHEyPnT7C535A9edSmTFcw/edit#heading=h.rrkpida8lqgw)
  - [Strategy Workshop Sessions (Report and Analysis)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ObqjPMxOiIldhyYtTwZ2XmhiI5PKtxdJ67DWh9rAImU/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild  Workshop Ideation Session Questions Framework](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SeyaZ_yKFK34KRkQ78jkLqHsZXFL3-b_mSgGRqWy62Y/edit)
  - [Workshop Ideation Session Notes: Strategy Guild 29th July 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qz2WiEmTZYOEPhOVdYl_VY_U_YmdHXap_AehXLqycko/edit#heading=h.6fyp3cl3ve7w)
  - [Summary Notes:  Strategy Guild Workshop Day Two Solution Framework Session One](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dYLjGRJOcAT5B0e6aJSgfikuyiysQgj8jhq69QNZeDI/edit)
  - [Notes: Strategy Guild Workshop Day Three Solution Framework Session Two](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WinQlmlKoJY_P6DQ81QulCgpQcb70VrywjJeboY0jKE/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Workshop Day Four Solutions Adoption Framework](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PwLP-zhdjkRJNzqfxftwKvTlcHY06kQMmn05BBFzTrw/edit)
  - [FEEDBACK SURVEY FORM (WORKSHOP SESSIONS)](https://forms.gle/26PQLtzKGqGb7FNNA)

#### Narrative:
INTRODUCTION - The purpose of this meeting is on the Strategy Guild Workshop Feedback, the Rest of Q3, the Q3 Report, and the Q4 Budget.


ACTION ITEMS CHECKBOXES FROM THE LAST MEETING - This was led by Ayo, items DONE were closed and others were left OPEN:

1. Everyone to contribute to the Strategy Guild Working Document [OPEN]

2. Core members should indicate interest in facilitating the new sheet in the working doc [OPEN]

3. Effiom to draft and share last meeting summary [DONE]

4. YemiSolves to share the final report of the Workshop Sessions [DONE]

5. Adopt Last Meeting Notes - 19.08.2024 [DONE]


ONBOARD NEW MEMBERS/CORE MEMBER ROLL CALL - Since the last meeting, 3 new people (Merryman, Mikasa, and Ese) have indicated an interest in becoming core members of the Strategy Guild.

Having met all the requirements, Cjfrankie was welcomed as a core member of the Strategy Guild.


THE STRATEGY GUILD WORKSHOP GENERAL DISCUSSION AND FEEDBACK - Participants shared feedback on the Strategy Guild Workshop.

Feedback from Gs/WGs Representatives
* Feedback from participants is to be shared via form feedback:https://forms.gle/26PQLtzKGqGb7FNNA


STRATEGY GUILD WORKSHOP REPORT PRESENTATION [YEMI SOLVES] - The Workshop documenter shared insights from the workshop sessions which are captured in the report.

* Report: Strategy Guild Workshop Q3 2024: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ObqjPMxOiIldhyYtTwZ2XmhiI5PKtxdJ67DWh9rAImU/


DISCUSSIONS ABOUT THE NEXT STRATEGY GUILD WORKSHOP - This would be properly discussed when drafting the Strategy Guild Quarter 4 proposal. Feedback from representatives would greatly inform this discussion.


REST OF Q3, Q3 REPORT AND BUDGET DISCUSSIONS - Due to time constraints, this agenda item was moved to the next meeting.


A.O.B - Ayo expressed gratitude to the participants and provided an overview of the plan for the next sessions.


#### Decision Items:
- Participants are to share the solutions from the workshop at their respective meetings 
  - [rationale] Video WG, Writers WG and Marketing Guild representatives who were part of the workshop proposed these solutions
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Q3 Report and Q4 budget discussions moved to 02.09.2024 agenda 
  - [rationale] Due to time constraints, this agenda item was moved to the next meeting
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Continue the conversation on the Strategy Guild Workshop adoption, impact, and Feedback system
  - [rationale] This conversation should be async preferably
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue contribution to the Guild’s working document [status] todo
- [action] Core members should indicate interest in facilitating the new sheet in the working doc [status] todo
- [action] Draft and make meeting notes available [assignee] Effiom [due] 2 September 2024 [status] done
- [action] Add Q3 Report and Q4 budget discussions to the 02.09.2024 agenda [assignee] Ayo [due] 2 September 2024 [status] done
- [action] Create and share feedback form with Gs/WGs representatives [assignee] Yemi Solves [due] 27 August 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guild Membership, Workshop Feedback, Core membership, Q3 Report, Feedback Form, Workshop Report, Q4 Proposal and Budget, Feedback System
- emotions: inclusive, funny , interesting, interactive


## Wednesday 28th August 2024

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], AJ, Advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, lord kizzy, Yemi Solves, guillermolucero, Nengi, Ese Williams, osmium, CollyPride, Kenichi, barnabas
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- Follow Up > New Operations System Deployment:  Announcements and Follow Up actions, Draft and Set Voting System for Community to select Q4 new proposals, Discuss further upgrades and Challenges
- Kenichi on NDA for the Legacy project.

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting
- Guillermo gave an introduction to the new members on the updates from the guild so far.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: AJ and Advanceameyaw gave updates on the Collaboration Skill Database; they presented the work done so far visually, and requested for feedback on whether it would be suitable to add existing data to the database, should individuals be allowed to share re edit their data, also who are the individuals that would be granted the admin access for the projects and so on.  Lordkizzy gave some clarity on the scope of the project and suggested that the existing data  should be differentiated from the new data, admin access should be granted to the Onboarders, WG leads and the Development team. AJ and Advanceameyaw also requested two more weeks from the initial deadline for development and testing.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Kenichi gave updates on the Legacy System. He spoke about the necessity of having an NDA for the project; he also mentioned that work is ongoing on the landing page so that WGs can incorporate all the work they have been doing, and a presentation will be done in the next call showing the skeletal system showing the wire frame with some UI on the Legacy System. 
-  New Operations System Deployment: Guillermo gave a brief summary on the new system and some suggestions were made for the voting process. Kenichi presented some concerns on the clarity of the announcement that was posted on our social media.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that workgroup leads, development team and the team of onboarders will get the admin status to the data from the Collaboration Skills Database
  - [rationale] Workgroup leads and the team of onboarders can use this data to onboard new members into the program
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Lordkizzy to meet up with Duke about the presentation of the Ideation Project on Impact of Lingual Differences [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 4 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] kenichi to present the skeletal framework for the Legacy system. [assignee] Kenichi [due] 4 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Team members to update the Repository with documentation of the progress so far  [assignee] AJ, Advanceameyaw, Kenichi, Rojo, WaKa [due] 28 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Tool Development, AI tooling, contributors, Operations, Deliverables, Presentation, Documentation, voting, skills database, access
- emotions: Casual, Collaborative, speedy , Welcoming, Thoughtful , Organised, Friendly
## Friday 30th August 2024



### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Hogantuso [documenter], malik, killy, Zalfred, lord kizzy, oep, Slate, SubZero, LadyTempestt, Hogantuso, osmium
- Purpose: Weekly updates 
- Working Docs:
  - [Video WG Content Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xqbs48KnfMBY_NgMp_Vo48dHrkEpr_bCM0KfL7x7z4k/edit?gid=371334120#gid=371334120)
  - [Zealy Updates](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1suSzs5UM063hz2GHlmJsysba8XeX7S9MEgEmoT5tkqE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Video Workgroup Q3 Report.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yT7ZK2VTlAbvPcizkMAsCgS-2sJ_TZ-IcDtgxrgZr7Y/edit#heading=h.jadhio64tftq)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates from Social Media Management: OEP gave the updates for the week, and indicated that we made three long videos posts: the SNET ECOSYSTEM UPDATE, DWORK PBL and AI QUANTUME and more engagement for the Zealy and letting us know we need more short videos for the YT shorts. He also mentioned plans on how to post during the week and to drop the schedule.
- Updates on Task management: Zalfred gave the update for Task management for the week, as he has created tasks within the week been able to assign tasks to Rojo on the ecosystem update; also training and documentations / operational call between lord kizzy and Rojo; also malik reaching out to him for auditing the task. 
- Updates from Lordkizzy: Lordkizzy gave a brief insight on the review team in order to make it easy for posting. He also presented the quarterly report for Q3, and the Q4 Budget proposal, and spoke on the new operations system currently been ideated by Rojo.
- Updates on Zealy: Devon presented the report on the current development from the Zealy and mentioned that he has got the editorial role, We all ideated on how to manage payment for the next sprint 
- Updates from the Zealy discussion: Lordkizzy indicated that there might be a need for a second reviewer but we have not yet concluded on that as there's no budget allocation yet for it.
- Discussed the review on the KPI sheet on the content.
- We also discussed the video animation, and the payment plan for the video work group looking through various video animation platforms as we are all yet to decide on the tool in use. 

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that we upload content in the workgroup chat if there be any review, then the team would check out review before approval.
  - [rationale] this would aid better communications
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Devon to receive payment from the video work group, not the writers, for last sprint
  - [rationale] the payments would come from the writers WG point system
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rojo is drafting out a new operation system in order to get tasks adequately done by members. [assignee] Rojo [due] 6 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] members should reach out to our social links and engage with our contents [assignee] All Members [due] 6 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Weekly updates, Budget Reduction, Budget fitting, Zealy Updates, Rewards, Video production, Task Assignment, Contingency, Tasks format, Zealy KPIs, review team 
- emotions: Casual, productive, Organised, Thoughtful, warm, decisive, Friendly, interactive

### Marketing Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Ayo [facilitator], Eric Davies [documenter], Ayo, Eric Davies, Photogee, gorgasiagian, esewilliams, Advanceameyaw, Aguboss, kateri, Olokoji, Cjfrankie, Kareem, hamzat, malik, SubZero, lord kizzy
- Purpose: Marketing Guild weekly meeting
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_tovnVyLwhwjW_Zvp9Zn0ZqkQ-IUcTymgsZ3D93uEjs/edit#heading=h.shxqnobd9709)
  - [Marketing Survey](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QLRfDP7sO4Tyi1RLryXy4DnVnbdVD41iPzDfvgSEGa0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and responsibility sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1A9iBKh4WfsjFIFBxuN2zW9nDBnE_MFTrIKrzPi0QVRA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Global Outreach document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kv51uAN1Tlvz89IEvOOV295VZxWXo9HRz3tuse92hi8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 Marketing Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KSVH28jxI_CiOIo6nyD-PpdFtO589j8BYtZfIeCUZHM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program Budget Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?gid=1136630469#gid=1136630469)
  - [Notion Decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JQ3Rz-UMdYs3R41BgsU92aKo8i9FUJd0ERPLLgZnw0w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document Ideation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lr1uF8xpJSY7tllLnnKt-ZrPF4A4bzeR9z2t2vy0sQ0/edit#heading=h.ybxwlqdy6n1)

#### Discussion Points:
- Progress with the Foundation: Updates on follow-ups and the content engagement campaign.
- Communications Department: Submission of the monthly report on activities and outcomes.

#### Decision Items:
- Rewards for members who fail to complete their tasks for a consecutive amount of time will be re-evaluated and allocated to the members who stand in for them.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Budget management was passed to the operations team with the anticipation of a potential budget cut for the marketing guild proposal.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Drafting a community survey for this quarter has been decided.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Lord kizzy to work on Q3 Marketing Guild quarterly report [assignee] lord kizzy [status] in progress
- [action] Ese to work on content engagement campaign [assignee] esewilliams [status] in progress
- [action] CJ Frankie is tasked with preparing documentation on the number of people we have on the SingularityNet Discord and the ratio of those who are active. [assignee] Cjfrankie  [status] in progress
- [action] Aguboss is to work on the Contributor Spotlight for last week from Onboarding WG, Archives WG for the next session, and WG and Guilds Spotlight for the month. [assignee] Aguboss [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Budget, Q4 budget, Q3 budget, Q3 quarterly report, Roles, survey, Marketing, Marketing Guild, Foundation, SingularityNet Foundation, content engagement, uncompleted tasks, Discord, Contributor Spotlight
- emotions: Collaborative, warm, Thoughtful

### Writers Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Cjfrankie  [**facilitator**], Ines [**documenter**], Kenichi, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, devon, Gorga Siagian, Advanceameyaw, Nebula, King David, Emmanuel Issac, Evelyn Robert, Merryman, Kareem, Ines
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the writers workgroup.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [DRAFT: WWG Q3 Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cqzXDc73Fx1eZdQlEA8lj9YBag-h6Zj9Si9bI18hQLY/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
The meeting kicked off with Guillermo Lucero opening the call; he welcomed everyone and then left the meeting. A couple of minutes later, Kenichi arrived and joined the conversation, which was facilitated by CJ Frankie. We started by checking the action items from the last meeting.

After CJ Frankie, Lady Tempestt, and Inés Gaviña commented on the importance of creating a team-based Q3 budget and improving our proposal submission for next quarter, Kenichi shared the Q3 budget draft in the Writers WG Discord channel; see link here WWG Q3 Report: DRAFT: WWG Q3 Report. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cqzXDc73Fx1eZdQlEA8lj9YBag-h6Zj9Si9bI18hQLY/edit?usp=sharing

Kenichi highlighted that the whole Ambassador Program is dealing with budget constraints due to token depreciation, and stated that we wouldn’t be able to add much to the budget. He also shared that the proposal was still incomplete and in a draft state and that every WG member could comment and share their insights and ideas for it.   

Lady Tempestt insisted on the importance of sharing the budget-writing process as Kenichi cannot have eyes on everything, and how he could share numbers and metrics so that different WG members could help him write reports. On the other hand, Kenichi expressed the impossibility of sharing certain ambassadors' accounts with everybody and that writing the budget proposal requires technical information that can only be found on the Ambassador Zealy and Substack. 

Lady Tempestt shared her interest in hosting the SEO workshop and stated that we wouldn’t need too much budget to do it, with 100 or 200 USD would be enough. Kenichi believed that as we are a writers' group we should be focusing on writing and discussing topics and subjects. Kenichi suggested that maybe the Marketing Guild was interested in hosting such a workshop, although he warned about how the Marketing Guild is still starting to organize itself and is not able to amplify our articles yet. 

Lady Tempestt also shared her concern on how we are not publishing How-to articles. Kenichi answered that the WG was always flexible and open to new ideas as with Inés’s We Are Reading series. Kenichi suggested Lady Tempestt bring her ideas into the Discord and share them with the WG.
 
Kenichi also shared his concern regarding the new Zealy sprint, and his reflections and ideas on how to avoid the continuous bot intervention. He said that the backbone of the Zealy Quest is to onboard new members to the Ambassador Program and with the multiplication of fake accounts and members joining again and again the dynamic is not working. He shared the idea of reducing the points in each quest and reducing the points on the onboarding task to avoid bots and fake accounts. Inés Gaviña asked Kenichi if the LATAM Guild could share quests with the Global Zealy Sprint and Kenichi said that would be a fantastic idea. 

Kenichi commented he found some inconsistencies within the reviews of the Writers WG tests, he felt that sometimes reviewers are afraid to put low numbers in the test and he suggested we shouldn't be afraid to put low numbers on tests that are not up to the level of the Ambassador Program. 


Updates:
Although still facing low engagement, the Spanish and French X accounts are finally activating themselves and starting to create content. 

Feedback on Eric Davies's not-approved test; writers shared with him the importance of proper research and thorough reading of the test objectives.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Inés Gaviña to submit the AI Nurse article on Dework [**assignee**] ines ganina [**due**] 2 September 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Point system distribution call: Lady Tempestt to attend, to help Kenichi track the distribution of the Points System. 
 [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 3 September 2024 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Points system, Peer-review, Q3 Report , WWG Test, SEO Workshop, Q4 Budget Proposal
- **emotions:** respectful, proactive, cooperative


## Saturday 31st August 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], Gorga Siagian, Photogee, hotasiro, martinsoki, kateri, malik, Merryman, CollyPride, SubZero
- Purpose: The meeting focused on budget allocation for various tasks.
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request for Q4(Gamers Guild)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZNbHXepnCglgrX_4HhGemwdD521KTPocuQaPJUTZRLI/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Sophiaverse Collaboration Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n21IBNuY7l5sSq65Au0NM1Zaoco1x6ScCPMKk-Gbcl0/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate discussed the meeting agenda.

- The budget, including some new tasks (Retrospective Guidance and Support for WG Creators; Collaboration with Sophiaverse Testing; Deep dive into platforms such as Decentraland & Sandbox; Main Game Aspect Development; Map Creation of VR) was then discussed. 
- Retrospective Guidance and Support for WG Creators - Unlike mentoring, which offers one-time guidance, this task focuses on rewarding those who assist workgroup creators in developing specific elements, such as creating a designated room in the building for them.
- Collaboration with Sophiaverse Testing - This task focuses on integrating the Sophiaverse dialogue system into the Roblox platform, testing the dialogue system, and having each member create a report on their findings.
- Deep dive into platforms like Decentraland and Sandbox to assess their suitability for VR creation. Participants will test these platforms and compile a report, as Slate noted their similarities to Roblox.
- Main Game Aspect Development - This task focuses on rewarding the enhancements made to the main VR Game other than WG creations like the cafeteria, gym, and similar features.
- Map Creation of VR - Slate introduced a small city VR map which will include the Ambassador program university. The players will spawn in the city and will be guided to the university. To develop this city, two WG creators will be selected based on their performance to aid Slate in modeling this city.

- Slate discussed asset creation, noting that members can create up to 8 assets each month. He also highlighted the two assets created by Gorga that were approved by the members.

- Slate showcased the quarterly report by Lord Kizzy

- Slate explained the dialogue system Doc that Berick shared. The system uses a JSON file structure to manage dialogue layers, reply information, and choices. Slate mentioned that while Roblox lacks certain features like emotion systems available in other game engines (e.g. Unity), the system still supports essential dialogue elements like choices and flowchart design. Slate noted that some advanced features, like history tracking and valence settings, are not supported in Roblox but are available in other engines.
- Slate mentioned the potential benefits, including recognition, financial rewards, and increased budgets for contributors who will test the dialogue system effectively.

- Slate also demonstrated the health system within Roblox, detailing how health can deplete and be restored through various means.
- He also showed the working tutorials for each separate deliverable on YouTube.

#### Decision Items:
- Quarter 4 Budget got finalized 
  - [rationale] as it was the final meeting before the budget submission.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Department Creation - Education Guild [assignee] malik, hufiumer69 [due] 14 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation -  Treasury Guild [assignee] martinsoki, scare-crow [due] 14 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation - Archives Workgroup [assignee] GorgaSeagian, kateri [due] 14 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation - Dework PBL [assignee] rebel, Photogee [due] 14 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Department Creation - R&D Guild [assignee] oep, CollyPride [due] 14 September 2024 [status] in progress

#### Game Rules:
Capture the Flag: The first team to capture three flags wins.
Red Team: devon, hotasiro, 
Blue Team: Sub zero, zaif malik, 


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Red Team

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Roblox, metaverse, department creation, work updates, Collaboration, mentorship, Dialogue Systems, Animation, sophiaverse, Q4 2024 Budget, Q3 2024 report
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, Deliberative, informative
- games played: capture the flag