---
description: Mon 19th Aug - Sun 25th Aug 2024
---

# Week 34

## Monday 19th August 2024


### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice [facilitator], Onize, CallyFromAuron [documenter], CallyFromAuron, Clement Umoh, Yemi Solves, LadyTempestt, barnabas, Ayo, GorgaSeagian, malik, Effiom, Advance Ameyaw, Onize, Seun Tunde, aetherblade, guillermolucero, PeeGee, Duke, CollyPride, Sucre n Spice
- Purpose: Regular Meeting of the AI Ethics WG/Money Issues
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [AI Ethics WG: money questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NqHFvD26-_ncHUnwu4ecbEyejtQbdP-W4p6CxtCfLg8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics GitHub project board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2)

#### Narrative:
The first part of the meeting was a discussion of money and pay, prompted by issues that have arisen in the WG so far. We were aiming to come to agreement on fairness and accountability, and establish general principles on e.g. late work, illness, non-contribution, etc, and how to distribute rewards/payments in those situations. We acknowledged the need to be flexible and understanding, but also recognised the risk of people taking advantage of too much flexibility, especially around deadlines. We also recognised the importance of people communicating if they won't be able to meet a deadline; and the importance of establishing, at the start of a particular task, exactly how it will be assessed and paid.

Some decisions were made, but further discussion is needed on some issues, so the group agreed to continue to discuss async in the shared doc "Money questions", and to try to reach agreement on outstanding issues at its next meeting.

The group then worked through the issues on the GitHub board.

There is still some disagreement on how the strategy-writing tasks (now in "Done" on the board) should be paid to fairly reflect people's contributions. It was agreed that the Admin team will step in to try to facilitate reaching agreement.

Due to pressure of time in the meeting, we agreed that for the "In progress" tasks, people will update Issues that are assigned to them as needed, rather than going through the whole board in this meeting.

We looked at the "To do" task of interviewing people about their attitudes to AI ethics, and noted that members' proposed interviews add up to around $1,000 over budget. Despite posts in the WG Discord channel asking people to lower their totals, nobody has; so we agreed that the Admin team will amend the suggestions, and post a redraft in Discord for people to agree to or not.
We also agreed that training will take place in the first week of September, when everyone is likely to be back from holidays.
We also noted that we want to do further interviewing in Q4 2024, so we will include a budget line for interviews in Q4, and people can propose anything that was over budget for Q3 in the next quarter.

We noted that the "AI conversations" budget line we had in the Q3 budget has to be cut, to fit the budget to the current low AGIX price; but again, we will aim to include it as a budget element in Q4.



#### Decision Items:
- For task deadlines, we should avoid Fridays and weekends
  - [rationale] because there is a natural "grace period" over the weekend - it's pointless to have a deadline on  a Friday, since no work is likely to be done over the weekend, so might as well make it midnight on Sunday
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- If someone does no work at all on a task, they should not be paid, even if it's due to illness.
  - [rationale] The group agreed on a principle of "no work, no pay" in such cases.
  - [opposing] There was some mention of the idea of sick pay, but we felt that the Ambassador program probably cannot support it at this stage; and we noted that even though it's a cornerstone of some people's cultures, it's alien to others.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- If someone doesn't do a task assigned to them, we should aim to hear from them before making a decision such as reassigning the task - but we shouldn't wait indefinitely
  - [rationale] 48 hours after the deadline was suggested as a waiting time, though it was recognised that it might depend on the urgency of the task
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- If someone doesn't take part in a shared task that was assigned to them, their share of the money for it should be split between those who did do the work, rather than going back into the overall pot
  - [rationale] Working on the principle that if someone drops out, that means more work for the rest of the team, which should be recompensed
  - [opposing] There was a suggestion that sometimes working alone is easier, not harder - but it was agreed that it's not *less* work, just work that some people may find easier. It should still be paid.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- However, we might need to give more thought to *why* a task is being shared, and be less eager to share tasks out between people unnecessarily. NOTE: this was something of a "lightbulb moment" in the conversation
  - [rationale] It might not always need to be, and sharing it might be more about an attempt to give everyone a role, than because the task truly needs input from more than one person.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- On the reason for sharing tasks - we recognised there's a difference between a collaborative task (everyone does a bit of the same thing) and a compound task (each person does a different thing), and it may be important to define which one it is
  - [rationale] If it's collaborative it’s harder to assess contribution, and we might need to evaluate whether it really needs to be split between sevaral people - but if each team member is doing a different thing, it’s easier to see if Person A has or hasn’t done the part that’s assigned to them
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- It's helpful to establish the principles around payment at the start of a task: what work is expected, what's the deadline, how will it be assessed, what will happen if expectations are not met, how will unused funds be dealt with
  - [rationale] for clarity and fairness, and to try to avoid arguments later; and because different tasks are different, so there might not be a “blanket” approach that can be used across the board
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We will comment async on outstanding questions in the "AI Ethics WG: money questions" doc, and return to the discussion in a future meeting
  - [rationale] because we didn't get through all the issues mentioned in the doc
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The WG admin team (Colleen, Sucre, Love and Vani) will step in to facilitate strategy-writing teams to reach agreement on distributing pay for the strategy writing tasks
  - [rationale] as it has become clear that there is some dissatisfaction with the current distributions 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Everyone to continue to comment async in the Money Issues doc, and discuss again in a future meeting [assignee] All Members [due] 16 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Admin team (Love,. Sucre, Colleen, Vani) will amend the costings for proposed Q3 interviewing to bring it within budget, and will post a suggestion in Discord for poeple to agree or disagree [assignee] CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, CollyPride [due] 26 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: deadlines, Tasks, Task Assignment, flexibility, policies, Asynchronous follow-up, drafting strategy documents, strategy documents, interviewing, AGI-24, training, Budget , capability, async, money, payment, pay, fairness, fair
- emotions: Pragmatism, Frustration, Collaboration, ideas, uncertainty, confusion, insights



### Strategy Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Ayo [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Ayo, Effiom, Gorgasiagian, YemiSolves, LordKizzy, HoganTuso, Cjfrankie, Photogee, Merryman, Billy, Kenichi, SubZero
- Purpose: Strategy Guild Workshop Day Four - Solution Adoption Session
- Other media: [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01J53MYQSR3B3GXMG4R3NA6HXD?utm_source=Share_CopyLink)
- Working Docs:
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 12th August 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LIO5AZIY86p7iFQYNUoSQ57qnwp3EDgYPvTmdNSxdxs/edit#heading=h.6fyp3cl3ve7w)
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 19th August 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZpiMlAUHPtIt8PGFK4xwb56NWYv4i5u0VmGeK9blR5Q/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild 19th August Session Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vJzabpbpsFIhHpiPBDyNv4ILO7bUlC4Sn3A1CSIRSQk/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy Guild Membership](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ym6eVAmf8LY-8TZq-VxONrFUizAaVQmP_V69GASivEQ/edit)
  - [Strategy Workshop Sessions (Report and Analysis)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ObqjPMxOiIldhyYtTwZ2XmhiI5PKtxdJ67DWh9rAImU/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild  Workshop Ideation Session Questions Framework](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SeyaZ_yKFK34KRkQ78jkLqHsZXFL3-b_mSgGRqWy62Y/edit)
  - [Workshop Ideation Session Notes: Strategy Guild 29th July 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qz2WiEmTZYOEPhOVdYl_VY_U_YmdHXap_AehXLqycko/edit#heading=h.6fyp3cl3ve7w)
  - [Summary Notes:  Strategy Guild Workshop Day Two Solution Framework Session One](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dYLjGRJOcAT5B0e6aJSgfikuyiysQgj8jhq69QNZeDI/edit)
  - [Notes: Strategy Guild Workshop Day Three Solution Framework Session Two](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WinQlmlKoJY_P6DQ81QulCgpQcb70VrywjJeboY0jKE/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Workshop Day Four Solution Adoption Session](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PwLP-zhdjkRJNzqfxftwKvTlcHY06kQMmn05BBFzTrw/edit)

#### Narrative:
INTRODUCTION - The purpose of this meeting is on the final session of the Strategy Guild Q3 workshop and will be focused on report analysis, adoption, and adaptation.


ACTION ITEMS CHECKBOXES FROM THE LAST MEETING - This was led by Ayo, items DONE were closed and others were left OPEN:

1. Everyone to contribute to the Strategy Guild Working Document [OPEN]

2. Core members should indicate interest in facilitating the new sheet in the working doc [OPEN]

3. Effiom to share previous meeting summaries and this meeting summary [DONE]

4. YemiSolves to document and share the Workshop Session [DONE]

5. Adopt last Meeting Notes - 12.08.2024 [DONE]

6. YemiSolves to create and share a sheet for Guilds/WGs rep to add other contributions to aid the report and analysis of the workshop [DONE]


ONBOARD NEW MEMBERS/CORE MEMBER ROLL CALL - Two intending members (Photogee and Cjfrankie) were encouraged to keep attending meetings as they have met all but one of the requirements to become Core Members of the Strategy Guild

Ayo highlighted the importance of active involvement in the Strategy Guild and that people can still show interest in facilitating the working document.


THE OUTBOUND WGs/Gs WORKSHOP SOLUTION ADOPTION SESSION - The session focused on discussing how these solutions could be best deployed and adopted by the different WGs, with various representatives providing insights and perspectives on the proposed strategies.

Highlights and takeaways from the Solution Adoption session:

1. In-WG/Guild Solutions discussion: Guilds/WGs representatives were advised to take a few minutes to share the solutions from the workshop at their respective meetings. Also, Adoption should be easier, hence the reason for proper representation of WGs during the 4 days of the workshop

2. Solutions for improving social media engagement and visibility: In a bid to speed up the Substack publication, Writers' WG decided to assign Scribblers to various Guilds/WGs meetings within the program.
* Premium tool subscription and the importance of keyword research, drawing insights from the “AI Cryptography” article by Mikasa. 
* The social media MIXpost automation solution which is in the testing phase at R&D Guild will be used by Video and Writers WGs.
* Content Calendar optimization based on the algorithm suggestions on the best time for social media posts.

3. Solutions roles/tasks and budgeting: Guilds/WGs will decide on this and the Strategy Guild would follow up on the feedback.

4. Solutions Feedback System for the Strategy Guild: Feedback Template and Form (Open/Monthly/Quarterly), and Tracking Sheet.

5. Solutions Audit and Improvement Process/Plan for the Strategy Guild

6. Guilds/WGs have autonomy on whether to adopt these solutions. However, a feedback system will be created to assess the impact of the workshop.


A.O.B - Ayo expressed gratitude to the participants and provided an overview of the plan for the next sessions.


#### Decision Items:
- Participants are to share the solutions from the workshop at their respective meetings
  - [rationale] Video WG, Writers WG and Marketing Guild representatives who were part of the workshop proposed these solutions
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Continue the conversation on the Strategy Guild Workshop adoption, impact, and feedback system
  - [rationale] A retrospective look at the outcome of the workshop is important as it would be captured in the Q3 deliverables of the Guild and it would inform on the next steps for Q4
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The proposed solution for the X channel in the SNET Discord should be discussed in the Marketing Guild
  - [rationale] This is part of the feedback that representatives from Marketing Guild are to take back to their meetings
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- There is no individual ownership of the solutions proposed and discussed during this workshop
  - [rationale] The workshop was a collaborative effort, hence the reason for proper representation of WGs during the 4 days of the workshop
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue contribution to the Guild’s working document [status] todo
- [action] Core members should indicate interest in facilitating the new sheet in the working doc [status] todo
- [action] Effiom to prepare and make meeting notes available [assignee] Effiom [due] 26 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Workshop Documenter YemiSolves to prepare the Final Workshop Report [assignee] YemiSolves [due] 26 August 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guild Membership, Workshop Ideation, Core Membership, Adoption, Solutions, Feedback Loops, Social Media Automation, Feedback system, content calendar, Keyword Research
- emotions: Brainstorm, Collaborative, insightful, funny, planning, new ideas, interesting, interactive


## Tuesday 20th August 2024

### Governance Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: guillermolucero [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], guillermolucero, CallyFromAuron, Olokoji, Advanceameyaw, lord_kizzy, LadyTempestt, Effiom, esewilliams, Onize, CollyPride
- Purpose: Weekly GovWG Meeting
- Working Docs:
  - [Context setting for Core Contributor decision on Q4 budgets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1epegnWB0OMmM2JdAgT_ENr8QiDn0lyg3f7eMDArY2qk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program Budget Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
The meeting discussed the process and timeline for Q4 budget submission and approval.

We resolved comments in the Q4 context-setting doc, and made a minor change to the timeline. We noted 
1) that we need to ensure Tevo is aware of the proposed dates;
2) that we need to establish when the list of Core Contributors will be re-calculated, and what the dates for the "opt-in" process for being a Core Contributor will be.

We discussed the context-setting doc's section on valid reasons for objecting, and the idea of asking people not to "nit-pick" small details, but to focus on things that would actually do harm to the Program if they were agreed.

We discussed whether we should say that people who raise objections need to be present at the relevant discussion meetings or not

We discussed how we will keep core contributors engaged and informed through the whole consent process, by sharing short memos that cover which concerns have been addressed so far and which are still outstanding.

We discussed the wording for Guillermo's two infographics: 1) reminding WGs to submit their budgets by 9th Sept and 2) encouraging Core Contributors to take part in the consent process; and agreed that Guillermo and Vani will make final tweaks to the wording as soon as possible

We noted that when the consent process opens, Peter has already said he will contact Core Contributors via DM to encourage them to take part.

We discussed at leangth what should happen if a WG does not submit their budget in time. We recognised that late submission should be strongly discouraged because it holds the whole process up. In previous Quarters, it has been suggested that a WG that does not submit a budget should have to work on their previous quarter's budget - but this time, this would not be workable since the token price is so much lower than it was for Q3, so most WGs' Q3 budgets would be more than we could afford. There has been a suggestion in the past that a WG who submits late should get no budget - but this is not a good idea, especially not for WGs that are "core" to the Program. So we agreed on late submitters getting a minimal budget, the exact amount to be determined by referencing their previous Quarters' budgets and the token price at the time. 

We agreed this idea needs to go out to all WG leads - who are all core contributors, so it could be done via the Core Contributor tag - to check they agree with it.



#### Decision Items:
- We agreed a minor amendment to the timeline for Q4 budget approval - see Q4 Context Setting doc
  - [rationale] mainly to avoid consent forms needing to be sent out on a Saturday.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that for each iteration of the consent process, we will re-post Guillermo's infographic encouraging core contributors to take part. 
  - [rationale] Because in previous quarters, some people only engaged in the first round of consent
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that for each iteration of the consent process, when we post Guillermo's infographic, we will also post something to highlight the core concerns that have been raised, plus any response from the relevant WGs
  - [rationale] because it might encourage core contributors to get involved; they might be finding it difficult to sort through the information and view the concerns in the budget calculator spreadsheet
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that we need to document and publicise the process better. First, after each discussion meeting we should put out a memo covering what has been agreed, and which concerns have been addressed/resolved. Second, our archive documentation of discussion meetings needs to specify the concerns raised and the responses that WGs gave. 
  - [rationale] Partly to make it easier for people to see what has been decided without having to read a whole meeting summary, and avoid resolved concerns being raised again in the next consent round. And partly to help with longer-term tracking issues from quarter to quarter. (It has previously been raised, in consent process retrospectives, that we should ensure that concerns raised about a WG in one Quarter are actually addressed in practice in the next Quarter.) 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that the "memo" mentioned above should be either a doc, or a link to the meeting summary in the Archives, and it should be linked in the next iteration of the consent form, so people can see at a glance which concerns have already been addressed. We noted that the Governance WG has budget that could pay a documenter to do this additional task.
  - [rationale] To make it easier for people to keep track of the whole process, and to avoid concerns being resubmitted when they have already been addressed.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that this meeting thinks that if a WG does not submit their budget in time, they will be removed from the consent process and allocated a minimal budget for Q4, which will be worked out by using the operational element of their previous budgets as a reference (i.e. the budget element for actually running the WG - meetings, facilitation, documentation etc).
  - [rationale] To avoid issues that have arisen in the past when WGs don't submit in time, where others have had to decide what to submit on their behalf
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Further to the above, we agreed that this idea should be shared in the Ambassador General Discord channel and the Decision-to-be-Made Discord channel to all WG leads using the "Core Contributor" tag (all WG leads are Core Contributors, as far as we know) 
  - [rationale] To check that there are no objections to this approach of those who submit their budget late being removed from the consent process and being allocated a minimal budget
  - [opposing] There were several caveats but no actual objections
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided that it would be best for the context-setting doc to say that it is useful (but not mandatory) for objectors to be present at discussion meetings
  - [rationale] Mainly because people are not always clear in what they write, so it can help if they are present when it is discussed
  - [opposing] There was a suggestion that an ideal consent process should be designed so objections can be discussed even if the objector is not present - but we recognised that in practice, in past iterations, it has helped to have the objector present.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that when the time comes to start reminding Core Contributors to take part in the Q4 consent process, it would be useful if all WGs could mention it at the start of their meetings
  - [rationale] to ensure that the info is shared widely, and reaches people where they are.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo and Vani and Ese to finalise wording of Guillermo's infographics  [assignee] guillermolucero, CallyFromAuron [due] 23 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo and Vani to outline the Q4 consent process and dates at Town Hall later today [assignee] guillermolucero, CallyFromAuron [due] 20 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo, Vani and Ese to send out Guillermo's infographic reminding WGs to submit their Q4 budgets and Q3 quarterly reports [assignee] guillermolucero, CallyFromAuron, esewilliams [due] 27 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] All to determine, at the next meeting, when the Core Contributor list will be recalculated, and when the opt-in process will happen [assignee] All Members [due] 27 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: consent process, Q4 2024 budgets, Q3 2024 quarterly reports, consent forms, core contributors, deadlines, publicity, community engagement, timeline, Budget , Quarterly Report, minimal budget, late submission
- emotions: Friendly, decisive, focused
## Wednesday 21st August 2024

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: lordkizzy [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], AJ, Advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, lord kizzy, Seun Tunde, Ubiodee, Yemi Solves
- Purpose: R&D Updates and Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT 
- NEW OPERATIONS SYSTEM GOING FORWARD: R&D Proposal Template

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: AJ and Advanceameyaw gave the updates on the Collaboration Skill Database; they presented the work done so far visually, and requested feedback on whether it would be suitable to add existing data to the database. Lordkizzy made some clarity on the scope of the project and suggested that the existing data gets differentiated from the new data. AJ and Advanceameyaw requested two more weeks from the inital deadline for development and testing.
- R&D Guild Proposal Template: Lord kizzy presented the final draft of the proposal template to the group for feedback. Here is the document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit He also highlighted the timeline for this process: New proposal submission applications, August 27th - September 3rd. Review process, September 4th - 10th. Community voting, September 11th - 18th

#### Decision Items:
- We have decided to proceed with the transition from the development of the Social Media Automation tool to an Open Source platform called MixPost
  - [rationale] a poll was conducted to approve this decision and a final report will be presented at the end of the Quarter.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Guillermo to disburse funds to Duke (the final part of his project's allocation) and Rojo (for Licenscing and hosting) [assignee] Guillermo [due] 21 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guillermo and Lord kizzy to present the final draft for the new Operations System [assignee] Guillermo, lord kizzy [due] 21 August 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lordkizzy to meet up with Duke as regards to the presentation of the Ideation Project on Impact of Lingual Differences [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 28 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Tool Development, AI tooling, contributors, Operations, Deliverables, Presentation, skills database, Database, lingual differences, language, MixPost, timeline, proposal, proposal template, voting, community voting, social media automation, 
- emotions: Casual, Collaborative, speedy , Welcoming, Thoughtful, Organised
## Friday 23rd August 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Hogantuso [documenter], hogantuso, malik, killy, Zalfred, lord kizzy, King Daniel, oep, AndrewBen, Slate, Advanceameyaw, SubZero, Gorga Siagian
- Purpose: Weekly updates 
- Working Docs:
  - [Video Workgroup Budget Request Q3](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gkLF0ymOATPQu_jAWSL1u9QH6OcOIQEClF9ExL6RJQk/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Video Workgroup Q2 Report.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r5BG6w-sdOEoda3sKwIRWtfLioCBGw5sof4tCrnIuac/edit#heading=h.1ooa0j1dxhvv)
  - [Video WG Content Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xqbs48KnfMBY_NgMp_Vo48dHrkEpr_bCM0KfL7x7z4k/edit?gid=371334120#gid=371334120)
  - [Quality Control Blueprint](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j-IvVfleiXHRZoduxcMxi7pQwon15qcY2vN9p_waXyU/edit#heading=h.z6fzop9orwn7)
  - [Zealy Updates](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1suSzs5UM063hz2GHlmJsysba8XeX7S9MEgEmoT5tkqE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates on task management: Zalfred gave the update for task management for the week: he had created two tasks within the week and there was a delay in the editing of the town hall videos since the recording was uploaded late 
- Updates from Social Media Management: OEP gave the updates for the week, he indicated that he received the access to our socials accounts a bit late
- Updates from Lordkizzy: Lordkizzy gave the updates from the governance call. He suggested that the workgroup requests the 10% contingency from Treasury due to the budget deficiencies but some members suggested that we should wait till we really need it. He also spoke on members not doing the task efficiently and requested an improvement going forward. 
- Updates on Zealy: Devon presented the report on the current sprint and we all ideated on how to improve the engagements going forward. We also set out KPIs for the next sprint (25 quests a month rationally shared across all social media platforms). Lord kizzy also suggested that we increase our focus more on engagements by using a 2-screenshot submission method.
- Updates from the review team: Lordkizzy indicated that 3 short videos are currently being reviewed by the review team, and feedback has been sent to the editors
- There was a presentation by Gamers Guild on the Video WG Department Creation by Lordkizzy and Gorga, which was approved by the workgroup members and got some positive feedback.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to close applications for new members joining the WG.
  - [rationale] The video WG had a poll on this and majority of the members were in favour of closing applications
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Workgroup members to ideate on possible human animation platforms  [assignee] All Members [due] 6 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] The Town Hall summary edit was assigned to Killy for the month  [assignee] killy [due] 13 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] The Town Hall edit was assigned to AndrewBen for the month [assignee] AndrewBen [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Task management was assigned to Zalfred for the month [assignee] Zalfred [due] 13 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Social media management was assigned to OEP for the month [assignee] oep [due] 13 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Weekly Facilitation was assigned to Slate for the month [assignee] Slate [due] 13 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Documentation was assigned to Tuso for the month [assignee] hogantuso [due] 13 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lordkizzy to make futher enquires on the presented animation platforms [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 30 August 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lordkizzy and Malik are the reviewers for the month [assignee] lord kizzy, Malik. [due] 13 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] LordKizzy to have a call with Kenichi to discuss the editoral access and KPIs for the Zealy platform [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 30 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord kizzy to have a call with malik to revamp the engagement sheet [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 30 August 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lordkizzy and Rojo to present the Q4 Budget proposal and Q3 Budget report [assignee] lord kizzy, Rojo [due] 30 August 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Weekly updates, Budget Reduction, Budget fitting, Zealy Updates, sprint, Rewards, Video production, Town Hall, Town Hall videos, Task Assignment, Contingency, Tasks format, Zealy KPIs, review team, Gamers Guild, Roblox 
- emotions: Casual, productive, Organised, Thoughtful, warm, new ideas, decisive, Friendly

### Marketing Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Ayo [facilitator], Photogee [documenter], Ayo, Photogee, Aguboss, Cjfrankie, Eric Davies, esewilliams, GorgaSeagian, Hamzat_iii, Kareem, Kateri, Olokoji, Malik., lord kizzy, SubZero, Yemi Solves
- Purpose: Marketing Guild weekly meeting.
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_tovnVyLwhwjW_Zvp9Zn0ZqkQ-IUcTymgsZ3D93uEjs/edit#heading=h.shxqnobd9709)
  - [Roles and Responsibility](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1A9iBKh4WfsjFIFBxuN2zW9nDBnE_MFTrIKrzPi0QVRA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 Marketing Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KSVH28jxI_CiOIo6nyD-PpdFtO589j8BYtZfIeCUZHM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility Doc.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TjsXUp-VYbFSfHjrQELBAdfmoEAoMoqgJcn5KL5fip0/edit#heading=h.qt25uhu2cl6a)
  - [Notion Decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JQ3Rz-UMdYs3R41BgsU92aKo8i9FUJd0ERPLLgZnw0w/edit)
  - [Taskforce Roles and Responsibility](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OnTnImKP--NK9Gf7FJPQKOpKm2cexVRIAcsMEaOBpvI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- There is going to be a monthly assessment that entails the proof of work of all core members and also taskforce.

#### Decision Items:
- Notion payment decision is yet to be reached due to some members’ difference in opinion.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Members should fill out the form for the Notion payment decision. [status] in progress
- [action] Lord Kizzy to draft the Q3 quarterly report [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to add Photogee to the comms channel. [status] done
- [action] Lord Kizzy to create a taskforce interest document. [assignee] lordkizzy [status] done
- [action] Photogee to reach out to all marketing guild core teams for monthly report. [assignee] Photogee [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Tool Development, Rewards, Role Proposal Requirements, workgroup updates, Q3 quarterly report, Notion, task force, proof of work
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, Collaborative, contributive, warm, exploratory