---
description: 6th November to 12th November 2023
---

# Week 45

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=39607712&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 6th November 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-29376997-7fff-4175-7aa2-201dd27d364a" id="docs-internal-guid-29376997-7fff-4175-7aa2-201dd27d364a"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Peter; Fly; Osmium; WaKa; Rojo; Psycho42069; Headelf \[facilitator]; Headelf \[documenter]

#### Agenda:

Ambassador self education

#### Summary:

#### 1) 7-minute video created by Headelf

The video was a 30-sec intro and 40-sec outro with a older fluff meat and potatoes. Intro and outro were an attempt at building condenses for the structure of the model, to then put out rework tasks for writers and video workgroup to build the education library.

Feedback: the audio sucked. Ben's or Sophia's voice may be better.

A brief convo on ethics of using AI voices.

#### 2) Fly suggested we use Galaxy Platform or Zealy to get people to do the videos

#### 3) WaKa asked if the projects had content of their own we could use.&#x20;

#### 4) WaKa asked what tool/platform we will use for tracking or quizzes.

#### 5) Target audience - why we don’t aim the videos to everyone? Why the Ambassadors?&#x20;

This question has been raised and answered every session for the last 5 or 6 meetings. The target audience was set at Ambassadors.

Conversation covered generational perceptions, and age profile of Ambassadors.

Conversation covered decentralization.

#### 6) Vieweing Peter's video

Peter finally got to play his video, after 1 hour and 27 minutes.

Video was very well done.

#### Meeting length:

1 hour 29 minutes.

#### Action items:

None

#### Topics covered:

\[video structure model] \[intro and outro] \[audio] \[ethics of using AI voices] \[video-making tools] \[Zealy] \[Galaxy Platform] \[audience for videos] \[generational perceptions] \[age profile of ambassadors]

#### How the meeting felt:

\[slow] \[frustrated] \[repetitive]

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Knowledge Base Workgroup</mark>

not this week

***

## Tuesday 7th November 2023

### Governance WorkGroup

no summary given

***

### Ambassador Town Hall



***

### Incubation Think-Tank

no summary given

***

## Wednesday 8th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

#### **Present:**&#x20;

Tevo, Andre, Sucren, Peter, Newman&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764569048571899\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764569048571899\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)&#x20;

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Review new Draft lessons**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
We implement option to provide direction to lesson feedback for every lesson&#x20;

**Action Items** \
Break the course feedback lesson and the feedback form into Course Feedback and Lesson Feedback - Tevo 22.11.23&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
Course Feedback models importance of feedback&#x20;

#### **2) Review Edited Lessons**&#x20;

**Action items** \
Focus on updating Cardano wallet address for rewards lesson - Sucren, Andre \
Focus on updating meeting recording method - Sucren&#x20;

**Discussion Points**&#x20;

Gitlab Lesson updated&#x20;

#### **3) Andamio Update**&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
Went through updated lesson structure and sequence&#x20;

#### **4) Playing through Lesson Activities**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
We remove action to set integrations. Current permission and Dework infrastructure doesnt allow a good way to simulate integrations effectively.

**Action Items** \
Include more examples of outputs the way other Ambassadors use Activity Lists.&#x20;

#### Next session&#x20;

Continue playing through course action, starting from making a task template.&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
Actions for specializing&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics:**\
Activities, students, feedback, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio Blockchain Education&#x20;

**Sources and links**\
Alpha Program - [https://education.cardano.org/course/cbca-alpha-2](https://education.cardano.org/course/cbca-alpha-2) Course Feedback Lesson - [https://andamio-andamiojs-starter-lms-git-governance-g-1b84f0-gimbalabs.vercel.app/course/module/401/4011](https://andamio-andamiojs-starter-lms-git-governance-g-1b84f0-gimbalabs.vercel.app/course/module/401/4011)&#x20;

**How the meeting felt**\
Progressive, as we got to ideate new strategies to improve our feedback collection, and also move forward implementing course deliverables and doing them.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation Guild</mark>

Not currently meeting

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Strategy Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Peter, Tuso, Osminium, Rojo, Slate, Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter]

#### Agenda:

Round Table formation

#### Notes:

No real notes other than we spent the entire session editing and refining the [google document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uD2MR1DoexRiYXX-ATrhOfS7SihyPKX\_Te1mJpeOoEM/edit?usp=sharing) that was started a few weeks ago. The doc will be posted again for community editing.

#### Sources:

sNET Round Table formation [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uD2MR1DoexRiYXX-ATrhOfS7SihyPKX\_Te1mJpeOoEM/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uD2MR1DoexRiYXX-ATrhOfS7SihyPKX\_Te1mJpeOoEM/edit?usp=sharing)&#x20;

#### Meeting length

&#x20;1 hour 45

#### Action items

\[action] Edit the google document.

***

## Thursday 9th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Sucre \[Host], Onyeka \[Documenter], Vani, Love, Tuso, TechTone

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

Minutes from the last meeting\
Adjustment made to Q4 Budget \
Meeting Summary for the Ambassador TH Update\
Changes to the Onboarding Survey Form\
Continuous Onboarding (How to support other WGs in onboarding new members to their meetings)\
drafting of a Twitter thread from the Getting Started Document.

#### Decisions:

* We agreed on a price of 10AGIX and some Gimbals to be rewarded to people for completing the Onboarding Survey Form.
* For the next Town Hall our update from this Workgroup will be: 1) Explanation of the Onboarding Role and how to acquire it and do tasks on dework; 2) we are currently working on an Onboarding survey form and it would be ready for the next Town Hall meeting; 3) we are preparing a Twitter thread to teach newbies on how to get started into the program.
* We agreed to launch the survey form on the 21st of November 2023 in the Town Hall meeting \[after bringing it into the next meeting]
* Sucre, Love, Vani, Onyeka and Peter agreed to go to other Workgroups' meetings to dicuss continuous onboarding.

#### Action items:&#x20;

\[Action] Sucre to tweak the scripts and relay the imagery in the onboarding video to LilyCupcake.\
\[Action] Vani, Onyeka and any other interested members could help to edit the onboarding survey form and make it ready for the next meeting.\
\[Action] Vani or Sucre  to share a list of what info a WG needs to give to the Video WG when commissioning them to make a video.\
\[Action] Love to draft a Twitter thread based on the Getting started doc\
\[Action] Vani to tweak the survey form from ticking of options to  a Yes or No format\
\[Action] Onyeka to create an update for the next Ambassador TH meeting.\
\[Action] Sucre to meet Workgroup leads and discuss when we can visit their meetings.\
\[Action] Sucre to create a cover photo for the ambassador program onboarding form

#### Learning points:&#x20;

Most people tend to leave the option of "Any other comments" blank so it's better to be specific when asking questions.

#### To carry over for next meeting:&#x20;

* Conclusion of the survey form.

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered:** \
Onboarding, Survey, Collaboration, Summary, Budget etc

**Sources:** \
Quarterly WorkGroup budget calculator \
[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)\


Commissioning video clips [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-\_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-\_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp=sharing)

Ideas on how to support other WGs with continuous onboarding [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing)

**How the meeting felt:** \
Funny, Contributive, Thoughtful.

**Other:**\
We welcomed a new member to the meeting \[ToneTech]

#### Meeting Summary for Town Hall Update

* Explanation on the Onboarding Role and how to acquire it and do tasks on dework&#x20;
* We are currently working on an Onboarding survey form and it will be shared at the next Town Hall meeting.
* We are preparing a Twitter thread to put out there on how to get started into the Ambassador program.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation: AI Sandbox</mark>

No summary given - it has been decided not to document these sessions&#x20;

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Deepfunding Town Hall</mark>

Not this week

***

## Friday 10th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Marketing Guild</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

jay.05 | Judith W., Peter E, Rojo, Slate, Kenichi, Lord\_kizzy

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

* the strategy we will adopt for the initial outreach to the SingularityNet spin-off projects as well as which channels will be best for outreach and what message we want to reach out with initially
* how many of us and who will handle the initial outreach and that the best strategy for now will be to have two people reach out to Snet spin-off projects first to see if there is any interest in collaborating with the Ambassador’s workgroups on tasks that need to be done, before we start assigning outreach coordinator roles to interested Guild members
* ideas on how we will reward the outreach coordinator role and whether or not we want spin-off projects to pay for that, whether or not a service fee should be worked into a margin of the price we are going to charge for any work we will do for them, or if compensation for outreach should come front he marketing budget as the marketing budget would increase when spin-off projects hire us for tasks
* Dework access and set up for Judith to be able to manage the Marketing Guild meetings and any tasks associated with it
* the results of the polls that were put up by Judith in the Marketing Guild chat

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] To start the outreach to all spin-off projects next week with two people in charge of initial outreach before we determine how many members will take on the outreach role (dependent on response/interest from Snet spin-offs).

\[decision] It was voted to keep the name of this Guild as ‘Marketing Guild’ (Voted through poll in Marketing Guild chat).

\[decision] It was voted to run Marketing Guild Sessions whenever needed (Voted through poll in Marketing Guild chat), however currently they will still be weekly meetings until we fully figured out the outreach process.

\[decision] It was voted that each spin-off project should have their own Snet Ambassadors program representative, (however we still need to figure out how doable this actually is and how many members are ultimately interested in participating in outreach) (Voted through poll in Marketing Guild chat).

\[decision]  Judith will prepare + host future Marketing Guild meetings and has permission to put up tasks to the Marketing Guild Dework

#### Action Items:&#x20;

\[action] Judith to set up a message chat with Slate and Peter to coordinate who reached out to which spin-off project, and for Peter to possibly help with point of contacts for those

\[action] To facilitate the outreach to Snet spin-off point of contacts through various channels over the upcoming week and report back to the Guild Members by Friday (Slate and Judith, with help of Peter)

\[action]  To give Judith permission to add tasks on Dework (Marketing Guild only)



***

### Writers' Workgroup

No summary given

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Video Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Rojo \[facilitator], Judith \[documentor], OEP, lord\_kizzy, Agus

#### In this meeting we:&#x20;

* discussed recent videos that have been posted
* discussed ways to further optimize the Town Hall summary videos, specifically how to optimize the headline, size, and layout of the video to improve the quality of the video
* discussed whether we should optimize Town Hall summary videos for our internal ecosystem or viewers outside our ecosystem
* discussed and brainstormed specific headline captions for the Town Hall summary videos
* discussed whether we want to add viral music or stock music to our videos and the benefits / challenges for each
* discussed how we can make Dework task description even clearer for workgroup members
* discussed what kind of videos we should put out over the next weeks (short clips, compilations, educational long videos)
* discussed if we should repurpose old videos
* discussed tools for editing long video recordings of the Town Hall meetings

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] To optimize the headline of the Town Hall summary video.\
\[decision] To add the number of the TownHall summary video in the caption every time.\
\[decision] To not zoom in on the screen recording of the Town Hall summary video as much and reduce the size to reduce the blur/ achieve a higher resolution.\
\[decision] To brainstorm a caption for the Town Hall summary in our Discord chat.\
\[decision] To add more info/requirements to the Dework task description regarding headline, layout, auto-captions, and background.\
\[decision] To optimize TownHall summary videos for our internal ecosystem rather than external viewers (other videos can be optimized for people outside the ecosystem).\
\[decision] To make a few short videos with already recorded content from the internet.\
\[decision] To repurpose some of our old videos with new captions

#### Action items

\[action] Rojo to add additional task requirements to Dework to make the tasks easier to understand for task applicants\
\[action] Brainstorm headlines for Town Hall summary videos in Discord chat\
\[action] Rojo to put a task on Dework for short clip videos\
\[action] Everyone to discuss their topics for short videos in the Discord chat so we avoid duplicate videos\
\[action] Judith to write the meeting summary for this meeting

#### Keywords: (use as many as you like for each heading)

**Topics covered**\
Dework, Town Hall Summary, Video Caption (Headline), Video Edit Improvements, Music, Video Quality

**Sources**

Video WG's Carrd [https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/](https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/)\
Clipchamp, video editing tool [https://clipchamp.com](https://clipchamp.com)

**How the meeting felt**

Productive, friendly, collaborative, action-oriented, problem-solving mindset, great engagement from everyone

***

## Saturday 11th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Gamers' Guild</mark>

#### Present: <a href="#docs-internal-guid-9c882c80-7fff-22d7-cb7a-f087b5ca0ce3" id="docs-internal-guid-9c882c80-7fff-22d7-cb7a-f087b5ca0ce3"></a>

Malik, Hufiumer69, Rebel, oneforall, Devon Hardy \[documenter], Slate \[facilitator]

#### Meeting Narrative:

Slate opened the meeting by providing a concise summary of the session, revealing that it would be divided into three distinct parts, each with its own focus and activities.

This meeting was structured into three distinct parts, focusing on gaming, virtual experiences in Decentraland, and the introduction of web games to the community. Participants were given clear explanations and directions for each part, ensuring an organized and engaging session for all attendees.

#### Part 1 - Games:

The first part of the meeting was dedicated to gaming. Two games were on the agenda: Land IO with three rounds and Putt Party for one round of 6 holes.

Slate thoroughly explained the rules and regulations for these games, including the point system for the top 3 participants in each round:

* 1st place: 4 points
* 2nd place: 3 points
* 3rd place: 2 points

#### Part 2 - Decentraland and "Ai World Fair 2023":

* In the second part of the meeting, Slate introduced Decentraland, a virtual social platform governed by its users, allowing them to create their own marketplace.
* The main focus of this session was exploring the "AI World Fair 2023" section within Decentraland. Participants were informed that they would be engaging with Dr Ben Goertzel's Twin prototype.
* Slate shared the location and details for this virtual experience.

#### Part 3 - Shifting to Web Games:

* The third part of the session revolved around the transition towards web games.
* The guild's objective was to introduce web games to the community, emphasizing the need for consistent participation to compete effectively.
* Slate announced that multiple sessions would be organized to provide comprehensive explanations of the web games before actual gameplay.

#### **Keywords:**

Games, Land IO, Putt Party, Decentraland, Ai World Fair 2023, Dr Ben Goertzel's Twin prototype, Web games

#### Action Items:

\[action] Share specific game rules and regulations for the Land IO and Putt Party games.\
\[action]  Provide location details for the "Ai World Fair 2023" section in Decentraland.\
\[action] Schedule and conduct sessions to educate the community about web games.

#### How the meeting felt:

organized, engaging

***
