---
description: 30th October to 5th November 2023
---

# Week 44

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=39607712&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 30th October 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-9831a294-7fff-151a-4c32-7940e78c12c5" id="docs-internal-guid-9831a294-7fff-151a-4c32-7940e78c12c5"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Curtis; Waka; Peter; Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter]

#### Agenda:&#x20;

Video Education

#### Summary

Headelf shared his Intro video on Snet. 32 sec.\
Peter shared his Intro video on Snet 1min10sec.\
Curtis asked about who is the target audience. Discussion followed\
WaKa responded to Headelf's inquiry on Google Class with ‘its a rich full blown system’.\
Discussion centered around Peter's more detailed longer video. The balance of the meeting was with Headelf working on editing Peter's video in real time. We replaced stock photos with custom-made by Headelf. Some of the on-the-fly editing left the graphic out of proportion.\
A long discussion was held about an Outgo video after the meat & potatoes after the intro. Is a splash for each project possible or needed? was discussed.\
Brand assists were raised.\
WaKa brought up Personalized Education by AI for individuals.

#### Meeting length:

1 hour 25 minutes.

#### Action items:

**\[Action]** Work on a 30-second outgo.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Knowledge Base Workgroup</mark>

#### **People Present:**&#x20;

Tevo \[facilitator] \[documenter]; Andre; Peter; Kenric; Fly; Michael Duncan; Curtis&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764567917552346\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764567917552346\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)&#x20;

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Workgroup Housekeeping**&#x20;

**Discussion Points** We are building a place for most relevant community data that is used by Ambassador community Shared an overview of action items that Knowledge Base WG is doing&#x20;

#### **2) Analyze Treasury Guild Links and assets + Townhall Preparation item**&#x20;

**Decision items:** \
We will include SingularityNET Foundation Phase 2 Token proposal in the GitBook \
We continue to share Ambassador Program Treasury Rules on GitBook \
We will include GitHub link of Treasury Manager Decentralised Application in GitBook \
We will include the form where new members can register their wallet address in the GitBook \
We will include Dework Link to Treasury Space in the Gitbook \
We will include link to Treasury Dashboard in the GitBook \
We will link to Google Folder with all the Ambassador Townhall Slide Decks in GitBook&#x20;

**Action Items** \
We now continue to do more item analysis async - 13.11.23&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
All workgroups are working on their workgroup onboarding \
There seems to be less emphasis on Dework Management and how to use it&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics:** Dework, form, analysis, Tokenomics proposal, GitHub, Townhall Slides, Ambassador Gitbook\
**Sources:** \
Miro Board Article that has link to proposal: [https://blog.singularitynet.io/singularitynet-phase-two-massive-token-utilization-toward-decentralized-beneficial-agi-6e3ac5a5b44a](https://blog.singularitynet.io/singularitynet-phase-two-massive-token-utilization-toward-decentralized-beneficial-agi-6e3ac5a5b44a)\
Treasury Management Rules: [https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/group-1/treasury-management](https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/group-1/treasury-management) \
Treasury DApp Source Code: [https://github.com/treasuryguild/treasury-dapp](https://github.com/treasuryguild/treasury-dapp) \
Wallet Collector: [https://forms.gle/xqEoAB26tDCsw7789](https://forms.gle/xqEoAB26tDCsw7789) \
Treasury Guild Dework Space: [https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240) \
Treasury Dashboard: [https://treasuryguild.com/Singularity%20Net](https://treasuryguild.com/Singularity%20Net) \
Ambassador Townhall Slide Folder: [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kO6GuiDW2HO5lUTPsO\_cZXQws\_HzLwU0?usp=drive\_link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kO6GuiDW2HO5lUTPsO\_cZXQws\_HzLwU0?usp=drive\_link) \
**Feelings**: Meeting felt busy as we went through different individually analyzed items

***

## Tuesday 31st October 2023

### Governance WorkGroup

### Ambassador Town Hall

### Incubation Think-Tank

## Wednesday 1st November 2023

### Archives Workgroup

### Dework PBL Workgroup

### Process Modelling Workgroup

### Incubation Guild

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Strategy Guild</mark>

#### People Present:&#x20;

Headelf, Rojo, Fly, Curtis, Tuso, Peter \[summarizer]

#### Purpose:&#x20;

Progressing the roundtable document, so it can be shared to a wider audience [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uD2MR1DoexRiYXX-ATrhOfS7SihyPKX\_Te1mJpeOoEM/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uD2MR1DoexRiYXX-ATrhOfS7SihyPKX\_Te1mJpeOoEM/edit)&#x20;

#### Decisions:&#x20;

**\[Decision]:** Post in strategy channel, tagging all workgroup leaders for their input before putting it to full community input. \
**\[Decision]:** the RT will be required to participate in program wide votes. They will NOT have additional voting power compared to other members.&#x20;

#### Action items:&#x20;

**\[Action]:** Work a-sync to expand the document

***

## Thursday 2nd November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### People present: <a href="#docs-internal-guid-a1b8555f-7fff-c102-2db5-3cae567f7493" id="docs-internal-guid-a1b8555f-7fff-c102-2db5-3cae567f7493"></a>

Peter \[Facilitator]; Love \[Documenter]; Sucre n Spice; Vani; Nwobi

#### In this meeting we discussed:

Minutes from the last meeting\
Paying LilyCupcake for more of a “timeless” version of the onboarding video.\
Imagery in the onboarding video.\
The payment structure for Onboarding WG\
Onboarding WG tag and who's going to give the tag to respective members in Discord.\
The kind of proof to show for engagement and onboarding of new members to the SNET ambassador program.\
Continuous Onboarding (How to support other WGs in onboarding new members to their meetings and more).\
Giving a short survey form for people to express how they feel about the onboarding process.

#### Decisions:

**\[Decision]** We agreed that people can only apply for tasks in the Onboarding Dework if they have the “Onboarding workgroup member” tag in Discord as the Onboarding Dework space is now only accessible to people with the tag.\
**\[Decision]** We agreed to submit proof of DM-TO-DM onboarding and engagement with new members of the SNET ambassador program fortnightly or weekly so proof of fund request will not be required.

#### Action items:&#x20;

**\[Action]** Sucre to tweak the scripts and relay the imagery in the onboarding video to LilyCupcake.\
**\[Action]** Peter to give every member of the onboarding WG the onboarding WG role on Discord.\
**\[Action]** Vani and LordKizzy to make the 1st draft for the onboarding survey and bring it to the next meeting.

#### Learning points:

Giving screenshots or something tangible for every engagement and onboarding of new members done by Sucre might compromise people’s privacy.

We should try reinforcing the onboarding messages on how to get involved in a particular WG(e.g. In the onboarding WG, all you need to do is show up for meetings) in order to get a clear and concise message across to new/old members.

#### To carry over for the next meeting:

Check [Getting Started doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing) - (15 mins) Have any new comments been added? Turning it into a Twitter thread as suggested by Peter - this was to stay on the agenda for decision in a future meeting.

We should reach out to other WGs and ask for a bit of their time during their meetings to find out how they onboard new/old members to their meetings while explaining things from our perspectives

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered:** Onboarding, Dework, Privacy, Survey, Collaboration, Permissions, Video. \
**Sources:**

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p2u-GhdK6cVCS6TmU2ME2G5WbtEIOzSxSVpGHC0fzbQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p2u-GhdK6cVCS6TmU2ME2G5WbtEIOzSxSVpGHC0fzbQ/edit?usp=sharing)

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit)

**How the meeting felt:** Funny, Contributive, Thoughtful.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

#### **People Present:**&#x20;

Tevo \[facilitator] \[documenter]; Andre; Peter; Love; Rojo; Vani; Headelf; Kenichi; Sucre n Spice

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

How to structure Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities?&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764567368822168\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764567368822168\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)&#x20;

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Archival Workgroup Fund Request**&#x20;

**Decision items** Archival WG October Budget is approved \
**Action Items** Create a project management item instead of including the costs of project management under a meeting item - for November Fund Request \
**Discussion Points** How our differences of work recognition models trigger scrutiny, based on what information we build trust? How to have clarity on workgroup objectives.

#### **2) Who should be auditing budgets?**&#x20;

**Decision items** Each workgroup and team justifies their next quarterly budget\
**Discussion Points** Should we have a focus group auditing budget?&#x20;

#### **3) Quarter 4 Treasury Proposal**&#x20;

**Decision items** Only Ambassadors and workgroup leads can propose and vote on treasury proposals \
The proposal must align with the Ambassadors Program's mission and goals. \
Proposals will undergo a review period of 14 days or until 80% of all ambassadors or workgroup leads have voted \
Proposals will be subject to a community vote. \
A majority vote of 51% of those who vote is required for approval. \
Approved budgets will allow the withdrawal of funds up until the quarterly limit \
Each Workgroup is expected to produce a Quarterly Report \
Withdrawals are made as Dework Bounties or Fund Requests \
We continue to use Swarm Treasury System to distribute rewards&#x20;

#### **Action Items**&#x20;

Share Quarter 4 Treasury Proposal in Townhall - 07.11.23&#x20;

#### **Discussion Points**&#x20;

We updated Workgroup Budget Limits&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics:** Budget, Audit, Proposal, Quarter 4, Planning, Archival, Fund Request, Miro Board&#x20;

**Sources:** Quarter 4 Treasury Proposal - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFfc4swKSN25XQC3hJVeiEEjbzXs8\_xz3bM0JwmFzQ0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFfc4swKSN25XQC3hJVeiEEjbzXs8\_xz3bM0JwmFzQ0/edit) \
Workgroup Types and Requirements - [https://drive.google.com/file/d/11xaV3oG\_NSJ4SpbXZiZE8JjbwyJwbCUD/view](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11xaV3oG\_NSJ4SpbXZiZE8JjbwyJwbCUD/view) \
Task Submission Template - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NYqDGtvbLqFXg8AMd4qujP7SX3RGmkMzTfSdvjyblFc/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NYqDGtvbLqFXg8AMd4qujP7SX3RGmkMzTfSdvjyblFc/edit?usp=sharing) \
Archival WG Fund Request - [https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/4?sliceBy%5Bvalue%5D=September+2023](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/4?sliceBy%5Bvalue%5D=September+2023) \
**How the meeting felt:** Meeting was collaborative and focused on topics that helped to align and improve our distribution rules.

***

### Incubation: AI Sandbox

### Deepfunding Town Hall

## Friday 3rd November 2023

### Writers' Workgroup

### Video Workgroup
