---
description: 20th November to 26th November 2023
---

# Week 48

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=39607712&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 20th November 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-3db19ebe-7fff-3774-48aa-6a45e997dca4" id="docs-internal-guid-3db19ebe-7fff-3774-48aa-6a45e997dca4"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Peter, Malik, Headelf \[facilitator], Headelf \[documenter]

#### Notes:

The meeting was a review of homework from the previous  weekly meeting. We decided to create a template for an infographic for the Ambassador Certification Program (ACP).&#x20;

\[decision] As discussed previously and reviewed, the ACP will be in the form of a “MasterClass”. It will include an AI-driven educational video, an infographic, directed homework or further readings, and a short test after each segment. Each segment will be on a different sNet spinoff project. After all segments are taken, a comprehensive exam will be given, and if all requirements are met a Certified Ambassador will be presented to the individual.

\[decision] Today's meeting was deciding on the infographic best suited for the information required for the infographic (Who, What, When, Where, Why, How, Token, and any other critical project info) and in reviewing homework done by participants : Rejuve by Headelf; DeepFunding by Malik; Sophiaverse by Slate.

The works were presented, discussed, critiqued and a consensus was reached on the infographic presented by Slate which has a template on Canva.

#### Links:

Deepfunding Infographic: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vFUF425NPZb3cmrQzCo7fKjbJxuCnswWIrf2dYtP-34/edit

#### Meeting length

1.5 hours

#### Topics

Ambassador certification program, infographics, infographic template

#### Action items

\[action] Edit and work on info material.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Developer workgroup</mark>

Nascent group that has begun to meet, but is not yet documenting

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Knowledge Base Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

## Tuesday 21st November  2023

### Governance WorkGroup

no summary given

***

### Ambassador Town Hall

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/LX90gh3x6Y4?feature=shared" %}

#### Timestamps:

[00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX90gh3x6Y4\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=39\&t=0s) Intro by Peter \
[01:40](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX90gh3x6Y4\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=39\&t=100s) Mentions \
[11:10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX90gh3x6Y4\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=39\&t=670s) Q4 budget Shout-out \
[19:05](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX90gh3x6Y4\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=39\&t=1145s) Workgroup updates \
[48:35](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX90gh3x6Y4\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=39\&t=2915s) Ross from SingularityDAO \
[50:35](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX90gh3x6Y4\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=39\&t=3035s) Ambassador Program for Spin-off projects \
[01:06:58](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX90gh3x6Y4\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=39\&t=4018s) Outro by Peter

***

### Incubation Think-Tank

No summary given - these sessions are currently not being documented

***

## Wednesday 22nd November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

#### **Present:**&#x20;

Tevo, Andre, Guillermo, SucrenSpice, Will, Newman, Felix&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764569049816481\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764569049816481\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Meeting Video Summary:**&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/fI1P2ClPx_8" %}

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)&#x20;

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Andamio Update**&#x20;

**Action Items** \
\[action] Coordinate with Andamio team to get access to Token Minting lessons - Tevo&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
Went over the Technical Requests that got solved and improved with this update \
Access Token minting and learner token&#x20;

#### 2) Reviewed lessons

**Decision items** \
\[decision] The "Wallet registration" lesson is ready for the final audit \
\[decision] The "Meeting Recording Method" lesson is ready for the final audit&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
Updated Workgroup Dework Tasks&#x20;

#### **3) Playing Through Lesson Activities**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
\[decision] Create a new Lesson 'Create a Task' \
\[decision]  Move the task creation section from 'Tasks' to 'Create a Task' lesson \
\[decision]  Change 'Tasks' Lesson to 'Task Overview'&#x20;

**Action Items** \
\[action] Include Pictures of how existing integration in Playground Space affects learner - Tevo\
\[action] Draft 'Permissions' lesson - Andre&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
We created the example Template and a starting Task \
Discussed the tags, metadata and relation with Andamio metadata&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics**\
Technical Request, Google Doc, metadata, tokens, access, wallet registration, tasks, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio Dework PBL&#x20;

**Sources**\
Technical Requests - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1peYOJ9oC60hU1L70xR9mwb9LJwPqESXInIV5NjTcaqo/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1peYOJ9oC60hU1L70xR9mwb9LJwPqESXInIV5NjTcaqo/edit?usp=sharing) \
Course Platform Update and Next Steps - [https://youtu.be/6EX0FKAWmb0](https://youtu.be/6EX0FKAWmb0) \
New URL for latest design - [https://andamio-andamio-live-instances-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course](https://andamio-andamio-live-instances-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course)

***

### Strategy Guild

No summary given

***

## Thursday 23rd November  2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-e9f0551b-7fff-7c27-adfa-4ef6f8b8aec1" id="docs-internal-guid-e9f0551b-7fff-7c27-adfa-4ef6f8b8aec1"></a>

Sucre \[facilitator], Love \[documenter], Peter, Vani, Onyeka, CJfrankie, Kenichi

#### In this meeting, we discussed:&#x20;

* Minutes from the last meeting
* Action items from last week's meeting
* Onboarding survey form
* Twitter thread on the [Getting started doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
* Continuous Onboarding (Session plan for onboarding sessions with other WGs)
* Our next Ambassador TH Update

#### Decisions:

* We agreed to pay the bounties for the introduction task on Dework from the onboarding WG budget.
* We agreed on using 20-30mins for our sessions on onboarding with other WGs, and to do this session before Christmas break.
* We decided to use Discord for this particular meeting as there was a tiny bit of an issue with Zoom.

#### Action items:&#x20;

* Sucre to tweak the scripts and relay the imagery in the onboarding video to LilyCupcake.
* Peter to post about the onboarding survey form on Telegram and Twitter.
* Sucre to send the onboarding Twitter thread to Mikasa this week.
* Sucre to check with Rojo if he is happy for us to share our doc ([https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-\_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp%3Dsharing\&sa=D\&source=docs\&ust=1700757049961452\&usg=AOvVaw3NdzrN8YAm35qqvfdtW8wM](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-\_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp=sharing)) on commissioning video clips, and to give it to the Knowledge Base WG

#### Learning points:

none&#x20;

#### To carry over for the next meeting:

* Structuring budget for Q1 2024&#x20;
* Quarterly report for the last quarter

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered:** \
Onboarding, Survey, Collaboration, TH Update, Dework Introduction Task, Twitter thread.

**Sources:** \
Session plan for Onboarding sessions with other WGs: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mwNfAaQd3uvMO1T9EQXnnOXQ5jtGkst8mEteZBM6uiI/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mwNfAaQd3uvMO1T9EQXnnOXQ5jtGkst8mEteZBM6uiI/edit?usp=sharing)\
Draft Twitter thread on onboarding:[ https://docs.google.com/document/d/184jGMoNmQ4uaumRf-DWqEhgdgDEIvWDWRyaZhiZIXRk/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/184jGMoNmQ4uaumRf-DWqEhgdgDEIvWDWRyaZhiZIXRk/edit?usp=sharing)

**How the meeting felt:** \
Funny, Contributive, Thoughtful, Interesting, Speedy, Late Starting.

#### Our next TH update will cover:

* Onboarding WG's Collaboration with Gamers Guild
* Continuous onboarding
* Onboarding survey form
* Looking towards structuring our WGs budget for Q1, 2024.
* Making a  Q4 report
* A report on what the WG has been able to achieve since its inception.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation: AI Sandbox</mark>

Meeting cancelled

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Deepfunding Town Hall</mark>

Not this week

***

## Friday 24th November 2023

### Marketing Guild

No summary given

***

### Writers' Workgroup

No summary given

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Video Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Rojo \[host], Judith \[Documentor], Agus, Kenichi, Lord\_kizzy, Peter E, Cjfrankie, Tevo, Malik, Sucre n Spice (dropped in for announcement)

#### In this meeting we:&#x20;

* Discussed videos that will go out next week
* Workgroup members who submitted short clips shared feedback on what their editing experience was, what challenges they faced etc
* Workgroup members who submitted long videos shared their feedback on what their editing experience was, and what challenges they faced
* Agus gave an update on social media growth numbers
* Discussed that we will do another round short clips&#x20;
* Discussed how long it takes to produce video content and that we can reduce time through tools like ChatGPT and other AI tools
* Rojo shared ideas for a documents that outlines rules and functions of different roles eg. workgroup lead and social media manager
* Discussed our brand colours and if we should enforce them for every video
* Sucre n Spice dropped in to discuss time slot for a workshop with the onboarding workgroup

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] We will do our best to use brand colours in videos as much as possible\
\[decision] To add brand colour guidelines to Dework task description when necessary\
\[decision] We will have a new cycle of short clips\
\[decision] In next Friday’s meeting we will take some time for a continuous onboarding workshop with Sucren

#### Action items:

\[action] Rojo to put brand colour guidelines in Dework task description when necessary\
\[action]Rojo to post a new task for short clips\
\[action] Judith to write the meeting summary for this meeting

#### Keywords:

**Topics covered:**\
Chat GPT, Cardano Staking Video, Social Media Growth Numbers, Brand Colour Guidelines, Time Management, Documentation

**Sources**\
Video Workgroup's carrd: [https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/](https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/)

**How the meeting felt:** \
Productive, friendly, collaborative, action-oriented, problem-solving

***

## Saturday 25th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Gamers' Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Slate \[Host], Malik, Hufiumer69, Rebel, Oneforall, Lord\_kizzy, OEP, DTK, Devon Hardy \[documenter].

#### Meeting Summary:

The meeting was productive, featuring engaging gaming sessions and a comprehensive evaluation of the Gamers Guild's objectives through the Assessment Document. Participants actively contributed to the assessment process, and Slate introduced a more effective proposal presentation approach. The exploration of the Sophiaverse chatbot will be carried forward to the next meeting.

* Slate commenced the meeting by welcoming everyone, including new participants, acknowledging the higher-than-usual attendance.
* Devon asked to take notes of the meeting.
* We had an exciting gaming session with a lot of participants and competition.
* Slate gave the breakout of the whole session and asked everyone to participate till the end and take part in every session.
* Everyone voted for the rewards distribution and the top 3 participants from the LandIO game were decided.
* Everyone gave feedback on the assessment doc and Gamers' Guild almost completed all the objectives according to the participant feedback except for the collaboration part which needs approval before implementation.

#### Gaming Session:

* The first part of the meeting focused on gaming. Slate provided guidance on the rules for the first game, Land.IO, which consisted of 3 rounds. The winner was determined by the cumulative land occupation across all three rounds.
* The second game, Putt Party (a golf game), followed by Land.IO.

#### Assessment Document Evaluation:

* After the gaming session, Slate shared the Assessment Document, which aimed to evaluate the achievement of objectives set by the Gamers' Guild.
* Slate systematically went through the document, marking objectives as achieved, not achieved, in progress, or requiring approval.
* Participants were actively involved in the evaluation process, providing feedback on each objective's status.
* Difficulties faced during the proposal presentation and implementation were shared by Slate.
* Slate proposed a potential improved approach for presenting proposals for a guild or workgroup in the document, educating the participants who wanted to make their own guild/workgroup.

#### Next Steps and Exploration:

* The exploration of the Sophiaverse chatbot was postponed to the next meeting due to time constraints.

#### Keywords:

* [Land.IO](http://land.io), Putt Party, Assessment Document, Objectives, Evaluation, Proposal, Sophiaverse Chatbot

#### Action Items:

* Share the finalized Assessment Document with all participants.
* Plan and schedule the exploration of the Sophiaverse chatbot in the next meeting.

***
