---
description: 13th November to 19th November 2023
---

# Week 46

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=39607712&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 13th November 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-9805ff01-7fff-3555-5547-3dfbc67705b3" id="docs-internal-guid-9805ff01-7fff-3555-5547-3dfbc67705b3"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter], Peter, WaKa, Slate, Pure Relativity, Malik, Clementine, Kostyra

#### Agenda

Infographics for Certified Ambassador program

#### Notes

The agenda was initially set aside to review and recap the last few weeks' work on the education initiative for the ambassador certification project. We had the same discussion about the purpose. \
WaKa ended this old discussion for newcomers by explaining that Ambassadors need a tool set and training materials. He indicated he was generating information for NUnet and it was open source.

\[decision] We then decided that after this project was done we could develop similar information for the public.

We ideated on the course and the material. Concepts included: Test market, Sets a standard, Ambassadors expected to have knowledge, Make the certificate an NFT, Sets a plan and a growth path, People enjoy having a path designed for them. Slate closed out the ideation with it would emphasize that you as an ambassador know a lot, and that testing should be included to obtain certification.

We then went over the basics of an infographic, and assigned people to projects (se Action Items)

It was discussed $20 for each infographic as a reward.

Clementine and Kostyra were new so they introduced themselves and told us about a project they were working on involving making models inspired by the human mind for long term memory.

#### Meeting length

1 hr 30 mins

#### Action items

\[action] Make infographic cards using the 5 W’s.\
\[action] Peter - Ambassador Program; Waka - Nunet; Slate - SophiaVerse; Curtis - Pass; Malik - Deep Funding; Headelf - Rejuve and Rejuve Bio.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Knowledge Base Workgroup</mark>

#### **Present:**&#x20;

Tevo, Andre, Peter&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764569359798703\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764569359798703\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Meeting Video Summary:**&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/clQDCjIcEGM" %}

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)&#x20;

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Miro Board and Workgroup Activities**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
Most of the work and active participation is rewarded at 10$/h rate. Async analysis is rewarded at 20$/h rate.&#x20;

**Action Items** \
New activity: Format new items on Miro Board&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
More clarity on workgroup activities and how to do them How to manage items&#x20;

#### **2) Analyze links and assets**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
We will include Ambassador Tools Google Sheet in GitBook \
We will include Treasury Dashboard Git in GitBook&#x20;

**Action Items** \
There is so much more to analyze for each workgroup&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
We organized analyzed items.

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics**\
Dework, form, analysis, Tokenomics proposal, GitHub, Ambassador Gitbook, Miro Board, Treasury System, Google Sheet, Rewards Ambassador&#x20;

**Sources**\
Ambassador tools spreadsheet [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hFAp0dm5Tmoh29EgxC9r5XTey\_EWeb9lRdrI0JCpbPk/edit](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hFAp0dm5Tmoh29EgxC9r5XTey\_EWeb9lRdrI0JCpbPk/edit) \
Treasury Dashboard Source Code [https://github.com/treasuryguild/treasury-dashboard](https://github.com/treasuryguild/treasury-dashboard) Miro Board and Workgroup Activities [https://youtu.be/ml\_kDw09omQ](https://youtu.be/ml\_kDw09omQ)&#x20;

**How the meeting felt**\
Today's session for chill and progressive as there were few of us in the session.

***

## Tuesday 14th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Governance WorkGroup</mark>

Not this week

***

### Ambassador Town Hall

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/EX5hlk0y4nY?feature=shared" %}

#### Timestamps

[00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=0s) Introduction by Rojo \
[01:52](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=112s) Mentions \
[03:17](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=197s) Workgroup updates \
[45:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=2715s) Voting experiment \
[46:23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=2783s) Q4 budget proposal\
&#x20;[49:09](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=2949s) Open discussions and newcomers introduction \
[53:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=3236s) Deep Funding Town Hall presentation mention \
[53:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5hlk0y4nY\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU\_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=40\&t=3210s) Ending by Rojo

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation Think-Tank</mark>

Meeting cancelled

***

## Wednesday 15th November 2023

### Archives Workgroup

Coming soon

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

### Strategy Guild

No summary given

***

## Thursday 16th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-82d8bfe4-7fff-5167-0124-8f4a55334d41" id="docs-internal-guid-82d8bfe4-7fff-5167-0124-8f4a55334d41"></a>

Vani \[Facilitator], Onyeka \[Documenter], Sucren, Love, Peter, Tone

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

* Minutes from the last meeting.
* Changes to the Onboarding survey form.
* Next Ambassador TH Update.
* Creating a Twitter thread on Getting started [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
* Continuous Onboarding

#### Decisions:

\[decision] We agreed to set a deadline (1st of December) for the Onboarding Survey Form.\
\[decision] We agreed to the estimate of 15 mins for the completion of the survey form.\
\[decision] We have decided to add some visuals to the Twitter thread about getting started as an ambassador. \
\[decision] We agreed to launch the survey form on the 21st of November 2023 in the Town Hall meeting \[after bringing it into our next meeting]\
\[decision] We agreed on rewarding 10 AGIX and 50 GMBLs for completion of the Introductory task.\
\[decision] Onboarding WG has agreed to test the new archives documentation tool for meeting minutes.

#### Action items:&#x20;

\[action] Sucren to tweak the scripts and relay the imagery in the onboarding video to LilyCupcake.\
\[action] Sucren  to share a list of what info a WG needs to give to the Video WG when commissioning them to make a video.\
\[action] Sucren to meet Workgroup leads and discuss when we can visit their meetings to discuss onboarding.\
\[action] Vani and Onyeka to make the necessary changes to the survey form as discussed in the meeting.\
\[action] Sucre to create a sign-up sheet for visits to other WGs to discuss onboarding\
\[action] Love to make necessary corrections to the Twitter thread Doc.\
\[action] Sucren to send the Twitter thread Doc to Mikasa in the writers workgroup once love is done \
\[action] Sucren to fix the cover photo of the Getting started Doc \
\[action] Vani to add an FAQ on "What are GMBLs" to the Getting started Doc. \
\[action] Sucren to add an FAQ on "How do I get rewarded?" \
\[action] Onyeka to add an FAQ on "What wallet is to be used".\
\[action] Vani to make a post on the Ambassador general channel about new members joining the Gamer's Guild.\
\[action] Onyeka to create visuals for the Twitter thread doc\
\[action] Sucre to make the agreed changes to Dework Introductions task.

#### Our next Town Hall Update will cover:

* &#x20;Launch of the Onboarding survey form.
* Halping to promote the Gamers Guild, and inviting people to attend their next meeting

#### To carry over for next meeting:&#x20;

* The Getting started Twitter thread
* The Continuous Onboarding Document
* The Question on How to practically use the meeting summary tool

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered:** \
Onboarding, Survey, Collaboration, TH Update, Rewards, Meeting summary tool

**Sources:**&#x20;

Commissioning video from Video WG: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-\_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-\_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp=sharing)

Twitter thread draft: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/184jGMoNmQ4uaumRf-DWqEhgdgDEIvWDWRyaZhiZIXRk/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/184jGMoNmQ4uaumRf-DWqEhgdgDEIvWDWRyaZhiZIXRk/edit?usp=sharing)

Supporting continuous onboarding: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing)

Survey form: [https://forms.gle/dJMGVP7FZDMdyw6h6](https://forms.gle/dJMGVP7FZDMdyw6h6)

\
**How the meeting felt:** \
Funny, Contributive, Thoughtful, Interesting, Speedy

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

#### **Present:**&#x20;

Rojo, SucrenSpice, lord\_kizzy, Lady Tempestt, Vanessa, Peter \[facilitator]&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

How to structure Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities?&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764568759337298\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764568759337298\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)&#x20;

#### **Treasury Guild Insights**&#x20;

**Discussion Points**&#x20;

We went over the requests that got raised during transaction building session by treasury guild. \
We added stickies to the Miro board to indicate further actions, comments or approvals

#### **Quarter 4 Treasury Proposal**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
\[decision] Have a discussion about Treasury Proposal feedback in the Townhall&#x20;

**Action Items** \
\[action] Have a vote by Workgroup leads and ambassadors in the next TH for approval. \
\[action] Create a Feedback Form draft - Vanessa \
\[action] Share feedback form \
\[action] Notify Workgroup leads and ambassadors to read the proposal and prepare to vote during Townhall - Peter&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
How a broader community can engage with a Google form to provide feedback on the budget proposal.&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics:**\
Dework, Google Form, Feedback, Treasury, Proposal, Miro Board&#x20;

**Sources:**\
Quarter 4 Treasury Proposal - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFfc4swKSN25XQC3hJVeiEEjbzXs8\_xz3bM0JwmFzQ0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFfc4swKSN25XQC3hJVeiEEjbzXs8\_xz3bM0JwmFzQ0/edit)

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation: AI Sandbox</mark>

Not this week

***

### Deepfunding Town Hall

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

* Type of meeting: Weekly
* People present: Vanessa \[host], Onyeka \[documenter], Peter, Sucren, love, tone
* Working Docs:
  * [Onboarding research Google form](https://forms.gle/dJMGVP7FZDMdyw6h6)
  * [Onboarding support for other workgroups Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [Commissioning Video clips Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUp1g2q8fooIgIyjVM5uUOhT-\_18A-HOs77A5gQeuDQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [Twitter thread draft google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/184jGMoNmQ4uaumRf-DWqEhgdgDEIvWDWRyaZhiZIXRk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Town Hall Updates:

\-Launch of the Onboarding survey form. -Collaboration with the Gamers Guild.

#### Discussion Points:

* Minutes of last Meeting
* Changes to the Onboarding survey form
* Next Ambassador TH Update
* Twitter thread on the Getting started doc
* Continuous Onboarding

#### Decision Items:

* We agreed to set a deadline (1st of December) for the Onboarding Survey Form.
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* Onboarding WG has agreed to test the new archives documentation tool for meeting minutes.
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
* We agreed that our estimate of 15 mins for the completion of the survey form is about right.
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* We agreed to launch the survey form on the 21st of November 2023 in the Town Hall meeting, after checking it in our next meeting
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* We have decided to add some visuals to our Twitter thread about onboarding process.
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* We agreed on rewarding 10 AGIX and 50 GMBLs for completion of the Introductory task.
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:

* \[action] Sucre to tweak the scripts and relay the imagery for the onboarding video to LilyCupcake \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Sucre to share our Commissioning Video clips Google doc \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2024-01-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Sucre to meet Workgroup leads and discuss when we can visit their meetings to discuss onboarding. \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Vani and Onyeka to make changes to the survey form as discussed in the meeting. \[assignee] Onyeka , Vanessa \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Sucre to create a sign-up sheet for visits to other WGs to discuss onboarding \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Lady Tempestt to make necessary corrections to the Twitter thread Doc. \[assignee] LadyTempestt \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Sucre to send the Twitter thread Doc to Mikasa in the writers workgroup once it's finished \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Sucre to change the cover photo of the Getting started Doc \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Vani to add an FAQ on "What are GMBLs" to the Getting started Doc. \[assignee] Vanessa \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Sucre to add an FAQ on "How do I get rewarded?" \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Onyeka to add an FAQ on "What wallet is to be used" \[assignee] Onyeka \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Vani to make a post on the Ambassador general channel about new members joining the Gamer's Guild. \[assignee] Vanessa \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Onyeka to create visuals for the Twitter thread doc \[assignee] Onyeka \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Sucre to make the agreed changes to Dework Introductions task. \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 2023-11-23 \[status] in progress

#### Issues:

* Getting started Twitter thread
* Continuous Onboarding Document
* Question of how to practically use the meeting summary tool

#### Keywords/tags:

* topics covered: onboarding survey, collaboration, Town Hall update, rewards, getting Started twitter thread, new Onboarding video
* emotions: speedy , casual, collaborative

***

## Friday 17th November 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Marketing Guild</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

jay.05 | Judith W. \[facilitator] \[documentor], Peter E, Slate, Lord\_kizzy, Kenichi

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

* Monthly Marketing Guild Budget for Q4 and if we need to request additional budget
* Partnership with DeepFunding marketing circle and its possibilities for our workgroups
* Process of putting together the outreach team, how to recruit members, where to find them, and if we should recruit people that are not part of Ambassador’s program (via tweets or other channels)
* Criteria the outreach team members should have and workflow of the outreach team
* External outreach beyond Snet spin-offs: should we make it part of our effort or should it be proposal based?
* Marketing materials: how quickly do we need them?&#x20;
* What can each workgroup offer to spin-offs?
* Sandra from Cogito joining Writers' meeting to discuss potential partnership with Writers' workgroup on ‘Finance meets AI’ articles

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] We should focus on DeepFunding partnership and make sure to set it up properly\
\[decision] Send a message out in Snet Discord channels to see who is interested in being part of  outreach team \
\[decision] We will reach out to external Discord servers/ Telegram groups to find people that are interested in outreach if we do not find enough people interested within Snet Ambassadors Discord\
\[decision] Outreach team members to report updates to marketing channel, not writers or video workgroup\
\[decision] For now stick to outreach to Snet spin-offs instead of focus on external outreach\
\[decision] To reach out to all workgroups to see what they can contribute to spin-offs

#### Action Items:&#x20;

\[action] Judith to send out message in Ambassador’s Discord to see who wants to be part of outreach team\
\[action] Slate and Judith to continue with initial outreach to spin-off projects\
\[action] Judith to have a chat with Rafael on Marketing collaboration\
\[action] Judith to reach out to all workgroups to see how they can help support spin-offs

***

### Writers' Workgroup

No summary given

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Video Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Rojo \[facilitator], Agus, Judith \[Documentor], Kenichi, Lord\_kizzy, Peter

#### In this meeting we:&#x20;

* Discussed videos that will go out next week
* Discussed editing details for short clips that will go out next week: format, outro, video description
* Discussed editing procedure for video on staking on Cardano and that it will require 2 people to work on
* Discussed how we should decide on teams for collaborative videos
* Discussed if we should translate important videos into Spanish
* Discussed the process of adding and editing subtitles in 2 languages
* Researched audience insights on our Youtube channel and which countries watch our content the most

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] The first 2 people to apply for a collaborative tasks will be working together as a team\
\[decision] To test out translating important Snet videos into Spanish or have Spanish subtitles

#### Action items

\[action] Rojo to talk to Sucren about collaboration for translations of videos into Spanish\
\[action] Judith to write the meeting summary for this meeting\
\[action] Rojo to put new tasks on Dework&#x20;

#### Keywords:

**Topics covered:**\
Dework, Cardano Staking, Spanish Video Translation, Youtube Audience Insights, Subtitles

**Sources:**\
Video WorkGroup's Carrd: [https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/](https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/)

**How the meeting felt:** \
Productive, collaborative, action-oriented, creative

***
