---
description: Mon 2nd Sep - Sun 8th Sep 2024
---

# Week 36

## Monday 2nd September 2024


### Treasury Automation WG

- Type of meeting: Monthly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], André [documenter], effiom, malik, tevo, André, Gorga Siagian, Merryman
- Purpose: We develop the Treasury System
- Miro board: [Link]( https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKympo8o=/?moveToWidget=3458764594643031247&cot=10)
- Working Docs:
  - [Server Side JSON Generator for Treasury](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18vPr6WIDKLNyFX1bGhIfvJjmU9mHe3C3Y1KtOjRFF9c/edit#heading=h.42iqwp85tmmb)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16EmdnI9KXEF0iTfzdtSamRupuM3PITxlcfxqo4JT1o0/edit#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)
  - [Treasury System Documentation - Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOiDYnHs=/)
  - [Treasury Automation WG Report Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ln_vSgnv-Kc1MXQdT1Oii2g1HwJvVUYVtCZTp-ddzdo/edit)

#### Agenda item 1 - Development Updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Gave an overview of Excel manager updates and future steps
- Gave an overview of serverside json generation updates and future steps
- Discussed Miro board documentation and future steps

#### Decision Items:
- Change taskId to recognitionId and use taskId to identify tasks
  - [rationale] Need to keep track of tasks and task participation/contribution separately
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Change taskId to recognitionId [assignee] Tevo [status] todo
- [action] Update backend to handle exchange rates and token fees [assignee] André [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Other recent or planned updates related to the Treasury System - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussed Q3 report and Q4 proposal
- Discussed how to accomodate other projects needing access to Treasury data

#### Decision Items:
- Create a single source of truth of Treasury data that anyone can access
  - [rationale] Need to make it easy for everyone to access Treasury data
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create Q3 report [assignee] André [due] 3 September 2024 [status] done
- [action] Draft Q4 Proposal [assignee] Tevo [due] 5 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Treasury System, Miro Board, Automation, tooling, participation vs contribution, participation, contribution, process, API, Backend, Documentation, json, projects, Q4 2024 budget, Q3 2024 quarterly report
- emotions: insightful, reflective, decisive

### AI Ethics WG

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: CallyFromAuron [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], GorgaSeagian, LadyTempestt, Clement Umoh, barnabas, Yemi Solves, Effiom, Duke, PG, Ayo, CollyPride, Eric Davies, Ese Williams, Advanceameyaw, CallyFromAuron, aetherblade, osmium, Sucre n Spice
- Purpose: Regular meeting of the AI Ethics WG
- Meeting video: [Link](No video)
- Transcript: [Link](No transcript)
- Working Docs:
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics GitHub project board](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/1/views/2)
  - [AI Ethics WG Quarter 4 2024 budget DRAFT](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19ZoVkCc8ylk_R1tYIyh1xiy1USM-Yl-pYHGRB5WbtTg/edit?gid=0#gid=0)

#### Narrative:
The meeting worked through "in progress" tasks on the Board, and then "to do".

"In Progress":
We worked through the Admin team's tasks.

We noted that Colleen's work as "co-chair mentee" has focused more on community engagement than learning about the co-chair role itself - but this is a positive, since she has created a role that the WG needed. We agreed therefore to add this as a role in the Q4 budget.

Vani noted that in future, where it's useful to do so, we can distribute the WG's connection with the GEI - it shouldn't necessarily only be via the co-chair role. (For example, Duke wll be in touch with Esther and LeeLoo as speakers for the AI Ethics Expo in Nigeria).

Vani noted the usefulness and importance of the "async work support" role, given the kind of work we are doing.

We noted that we still don't know the cost of Clement's Q3 role of moderating the AI Ethics forum https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues/32 - Clement will suggest a price based on how the Moderator WG costs things. He will also add the same amount to the budget for Q4.

We will create individual GitHub Issues for people's work at AGI-24, as it now looks as if the Foundation will be able to pay the work via the normal Ambassador process.

The Admin team has looked at the interviewing projects that people proposed for Q3, and have brought them within budget; so these will go ahead, ideally by the end of Q3 (although if it goes a little over, that is OK). We note that we have a really good range of people being interviewed. Any interviews that had to be cut can be re-proposed in Q4, as there will be more budget for interviews then. 

The training for interview skills will now be 1 session not 2, and will be run by Vani and Peegee. Date: Wednesday, September 11th, 12:00 UTC, lasting 2 hours. It will be recorded for anyone who cannot make it, but Peegee explained how we'd like people to attend live if they can, as it will be participatory. It's open to all - but especially we'd like those who are doing Q3 interviewing to attend.


To Do:
We discussed reallocating the Q3 budget line for further work on the Strategies, because it has turned out that all the work that's needed can be covered by Vani's role as co-chair, and by Esther's input.

The AI Ethics Expo event in Nigeria (collab with African Guild) has a date: Sat 28th September. The planning element of our budget contribution has been done (venue and publicity) and the other elements (speakers and volunteers) will be paid after the event. Duke is liaising directly with LeeLoo and Esther as speakers from the GEI side.  

Vasu suggested that he could do some Q4 interviewing at an AI event in Dubai on 11th and 12th December, which he will be attending. Vani encouraged him to note it in the WG's Q4 interview planning spreadsheet (in the "AI Ethics Stuff!" doc).

Q4 budget:
 - We discussed reducing meeting frequency to monthly, but there was significant enough oppositon to decide against it.

- We discussed the budget line for Jenn's reportbacks to GEI - are they useful? Does GEI want them? We discussed this, but did not reach a conclusion. LeeLoo suggested that we might need the reports more once interviewing is in progress; possibly they are also good for transparency.

- We agreed on budgeting for 40 interview hours this Quarter; conducting a small amount of work to share the GEI survey; and creating some educational resources.

- We noted that comments and revisions to the budget need to be made by Fri 6th Sept, to allow for final editing before the submission deadline on September 9th. 


#### Decision Items:
- Vani's Q2 task to monitor the strategy-drafting work and maintain the strategic approach of the WG https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues/3 was closed.
  - [rationale] Because the task is complete for Q2. We noted that the strategy drafts that were written were broader in scope than needed, but this shows that it was a learning exercise, and people were engaging with it.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- for Jenn's "GEI reportbacks" task https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues/20, there were no GEI meetings in August; we agreed this shouldn't affect Jenn's pay.
  - [rationale] Because the cancellations were beyond her control.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to add a new role for community engagement in the Q4 budget, to be taken by Colleen
  - [rationale] because Colleen's work as co-chair mentee in this quarter has taken her in this direction, and it seems to be a role that is needed
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to reallocate the Q3 budget line for further work on the Strategies, and use it to compensate those doing Q3 interviewing to attend the Interview Skills training, as this training will cover how the strategies are going to be practically implemented. Priority would go to those who are assigned to do interviews in Q3; anyone else is fisrt-come, first-served.
  - [rationale] Because the further work this quarter on the strategies has been started by Esther and Vani, and the meetings we budgeted for are not really needed any longer
  - [opposing] We note that this was a budget element we were going to cut completely when token price was low - so using it this way will depend on token price.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed that the current admin workers will stay in their roles, except that Colleen will move to a new community engagement role, and there will be budget for a new Co-Chair Mentee in Q4.
  - [rationale] because continuity is needed at the moment, and to avoid too much mentoring/handover overhead 
  - [opposing] There was a suggestion that those in admin roles should not have first refusal on other tasks.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- After discussion, some people felt uncomfortable with the suggestion of  moving to monthly meetings; so we will continue to budget for fortnightly meetings in Q4
  - [rationale] Some members were uncomfortable with the  suggestion of monthly meetings, and argued that fortnightly meetings will enable new people more opportunities to engage and contribute; and that monthly meetings can make it harder for new people to learn how things work in the Program overall.
  - [opposing] The suggestion to move to monthly was to minimise unnecessary costs - partly because the particular work we do doesn't require meetings, but works better in small groups - especially in the coming Quarter, when we will be focused on interviewing; and partly because we are unlikely to have many tasks to invite new people to, so having extra meetings to engage new people might raise false expectations. 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] All to comment on the Q4 budget draft by Fri 6th [assignee] all [due] 6 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to add an update to her GitHub Issue for internal WG management by the end of the quarter https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues/21 [assignee] Sucre n Spice [due] 30 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Colleen to add an update to her GitHub issue for Co-Chair Mentee by the end of the Quarter https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues/27 [assignee] Colleen [due] 30 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani or Sucre to create individual GitHub issues for people's work at AGI-24 [assignee] CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice [due] 16 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to create a Zoom and add the forthcoming interview training session to the calendar [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 6 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Clement to add a suggested price to the Q4 budget for his AI ethics forum moderation  [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 6 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to post draft of Q3 quarterly report in the Discord channel for comments [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 5 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: review q2 task completion, Roles, compensation, interviews, training session, Budget , Q3 quarterly report, Nigeria event, Q4 budget draft, Collaboration
- emotions: Collaboration, ideas, insights


## Wednesday 4th September 2024


### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], Advance Ameyaw, Tevo, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, Vasu, Onyeka, Thandi, Prefina, Celiwe, Effiom, Mapula
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764594944505096&cot=14)
- Other media: [Link]( https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Q2 quarterly report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cgDDAvaKOKf6oqIOGDu1pRW0yIP3XFQxJ_3UFmNhTQM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 quarterly report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tGaPbBiID3Rf10pGD2J_AjfKDXwupVBRhRwx9seSF7A/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Knowledge Base WG Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Open Questions - Why do we not do more async organizing? - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Currently, we have run out of funds
- We should refocus on planning, reporting and proposals to continue our work effectively
- Use LLM first to organize the items before we start with team
- Lets have an onboarding kick-off session so that we can reach and involve more people into organising Ambassador assets.

#### Agenda item 2 - Open Questions - What LLM experiments is Knowledge Base WG doing? - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- we have a working ChatGPT Prototype
- Currently we have ideas to improve it even further
- What other LLM experiments Knowledge Base could do?

#### Agenda item 3 - New participation-based rewarding model for Knowledge Base WG - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What is the Rewarding Model? This is a new model to reward people who attend our meetings and participate in discussions.
- Do we want to change the current facilitation mechanism to participation reward distribution based on contributions?
- The current model does not consider how long a person was in the meeting and applies rewards equally regardless if they were in the call 10 minutes or 100 minutes.
- Do you think we should differentiate that?
- When should we apply reward changes weight based on how long the person was in the meeting?

#### Decision Items:
- Most people leaned towards including weighting the individual rewards before calculating participation rewards. Except Onyeka and AdvanceAmeyaw who suggested after.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Participation is captured using the Process Guild service to import from Zoom [assignee] Tevo [due] 18 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Review the results of the next and last session this quarter [assignee] all [due] 18 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Review Q2 & Q3 Proposal Report - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We went through the Quarterly reports while Tevo listed tasks/deliverables and other items carried out so far under the Knowledge Base Section.
- The main aim of Process Guild which is to maintain open spaces and support Knowledge Base WG and Dework PBL WG.
- Process Guild Q2 Proposal
- Process Guild Q3 Proposal

#### Decision Items:
- We moved around some items such as average attendance metrics, deliverables, etc.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Agenda item 5 - Q4 Knowledge Base WG Proposal - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should the Q4 proposal include a ChatGPT yearly subscription for use in async organization work?
- Is a separate Gitbook from the Ambassador Gitbook a good idea?

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to include it in the Process Guild Q4 budget. It's a useful tool, and we will use that if we get funded with the proposal.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Knowledge Base WG will have its own GitBook instead of focusing on introducing items to Ambassador GitBook. The sentiment here is that this will allow the Process guild to automate and be consistent with their structure of adding information and storing assets.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Draft Knowledge Base Q4 WG Proposal. [assignee] Tevo [due] 9 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 6 - Workgroup Administration - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we include this workgroup's info in the main Ambassador program GitBook?

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Tevo to create a section of Knowledge Base WG in Ambassador GitBook and add proposals there if the work continues. [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board, Quarterly Report, Budget , Q4 2024 budget, Q3 2024 quarterly report, GitBook, ChatGPT, participation, Rewards, rewarding model
- emotions: contributive, insightful, quiet

### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: André [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], André, CallyFromAuron
- Purpose: Regular fortnightly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET Archive AI features (draft of possible features an AI tool might have)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LROsgVAQ9fQbNgMRK5qMI8q8KYsN-rGI-Gq9lvXAN5w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [How to make a document community owned](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hQs4ocUhT6mrvgn-ZjTO7O2aVDm-KEsYIiPaAOQH1Gc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Docs management tool](https://snet-doc-manager.netlify.app/#)
  - [New Summary Tool Features](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wxziaDEdMdYeiqv0ecuuygHgfd9a9F18odje_2qaT7g/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting issue ](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/198)
  - [draft Q3 quarterly report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZJeuLJ_5GYUjxZiUUEfXHkMfDTJoH11wjLmsTU-K3n0/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Decision Items:
- Summary tool redesign: See issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/181 - André and Vanessa to meet to discuss priorities
  - [rationale] Because want to focus initially on things that will have the biggest effect on ease of use of the tool
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- PDF export function in the Summary tool is broken again - André has decided to replace it with export to Google Doc
  - [rationale] This is a feature that people have requested too - it makes it easier to share a draft meeting summary with other memebers of your WG and get their comments. This will also obviate the need for more complex tooling to allow people to comment within the tool itself, which was a suggested new feature at one point.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We went through the Q4 budget, and were sad to acknowledge that a lot of the work we would like to do, we cannot afford, so it has had to be cancelled for the coming Quarter.
  - [rationale] due to token price drop in August, we had to move some core work to Q4, leaving not enough for routine but less valuable tasks
  - [opposing] some people felt understandably unhappy that their tasks have had to be cut.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We also acknowledged in the Q3 quarterly report (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZJeuLJ_5GYUjxZiUUEfXHkMfDTJoH11wjLmsTU-K3n0/edit?usp=sharing) the problems raised by an increasing uncritical reliance on Read.ai summaries. We noted that the problem is that superficially, Read.ai summaries can seem fine; and it is only when one reads with attention and with some knowledge of the Program that it becomes clear that they do not make any sense. We suggested that documentation for WGs such as Treasury and Governance, which are about the Program as a whole rather then the internal activities of a WG, should no longer be seen as an entry-level task, since they require considerable understanding of the program to document well.
  - [rationale] This has been a big issue this quarter, and has slowed down the meeting summary process since many summaries have needed to be extensively corrected or redone.
  - [opposing] We recognised that it is ironic that we are an AI ecosystem and yet one of our stumbling-blocks is an AI tool - but we noted that the problem is people trying to use Read.ai's documentation *uncritically*, or without skilled and knowledgeable human intervention. We also noted that it may actually be an *ethical* issue to understand the limitations of any AI tool, and not to expect it to work beyond its limitations.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted how many corrections core members of this WG are needing to make to summaries at the moment; and that there is a need for ongoing training for new documenters. Onboarding WG recently (15th August) delivered some training on documentation; perhaps other WGs can take this on within their own WG to some extent.
  - [rationale] Training is needed not only to learn how to document a meeting, but also to understand the limitations of Read.ai summaries, and the ethical issues raised by using AI tools.
- We agreed that anyone who does need to do extensive corrections to a summary should add their name to the "Documenter" field alongside that of the original documenter
  - [rationale] as a way of noting that correction has been done
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that we need to find ways to raise the issues around read.ai summaries, perhaps in a WG Sync call. Suggestion that perhaps we need a Reviewers' Circle to review summaries; or a Documenters' circle to avoid poor summaries in the first place
  - [rationale] Because over-reliance on Read.ai is an issue that affects the documentation of several WGs, and perhaps could be addressed at Program level
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116  - no response yet from Ayo. Vani will DM him. [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 4 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Stephen was to decide how best to present the "Open-source paradigm" work at this meeting, but he's not present. TBD next meeting. [assignee] Stephen [QADAO] [due] 18 September 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to submit the budget and quarterly report by Monday [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 9 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to finish updating Ambassador gitbook to reflect changes to the Onboarding process by the end of the Quarter [assignee] Sucre n Spice [due] 30 September 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Q4 2024 budget, q3 2024 report, Town Hall, Ubio, open source ethos, read.ai, Ethics, training, documentation training, Budget cuts, GitHub video walkthrough, Core activities, Outreach, education, community engagement, Google Docs, google doc export, Correcting errors in meeting summaries, tool redesign
- emotions: despondent, disheartening, Discursive, Thoughtful , budget request problems , limited, restricted
## Saturday 7th September 2024

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Hogantuso [documenter], malik, killy, Zalfred, lord kizzy, Slate, SubZero, osmium, AndrewBen, oep, Hogantuso
- Purpose: Weekly updates 
- Working Docs:
  - [Video WG Content Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xqbs48KnfMBY_NgMp_Vo48dHrkEpr_bCM0KfL7x7z4k/edit?gid=371334120#gid=371334120)
  - [Zealy Updates](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1suSzs5UM063hz2GHlmJsysba8XeX7S9MEgEmoT5tkqE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Video Workgroup Q3 Report.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yT7ZK2VTlAbvPcizkMAsCgS-2sJ_TZ-IcDtgxrgZr7Y/edit#heading=h.jadhio64tftq)

#### Discussion Points:
- UPDATE from the task manager by ZALFRED: he listed the various tasks created during the week: budget fitting discussions, operational calls by MALIK and LORD KIZZY, updating for KPI sheet from LORDKIZZY, two clips from LORD KIZZY, two clips from SUB ZERO, and a clip from ANDREWBEN. He also added MALIK as a co-assignee to work with OSIMUM on the narrow AI video; and created a task for an operational call for LORDKIZZY, MALIK and ZALFRED for a more efffective communication line between the editors, task manager and review team in smoothing the process and navigation around the sheet. Call with ROJO and LORD KIZZY for their concluded operational calls on the monthly analytics on the budget review and Zealy task allocation; and gave updates on the uploaded Town Halls TH 111, 112, 113 as uploaded on the KPI sheet.
- UPDATE on Zealy by DEVON: He submitted a total of 10 videos for the monthly Zealy, and gave updates on the issues he was having with the KPI sheet including suggesting ideas in order to make it easy to access with different socials and columns, as there should be a task for every social media post. 
- Reviewing the KPI sheet with LORD KIZZY explaining the new sheet and the process of task creation, and giving feedback on the social media role as a permanent role due to the new tool which is yet to be implemented.

#### Decision Items:
- We are not including the animation in the next quarter, for budget reduction 

#### Action Items:
- [action] Devon to reach out to Kenichi on the delay in posting from Zealy for the next monthly. [assignee] devon [status] todo
- [action] LORD KIZZY to give DEVON access to the KPI sheet for effective posting [assignee] lord kizzy [status] todo
- [action] SLATE to send in five (5) topics for voting  [assignee] Slate [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Budget fitting, Zealy, Zealy quest, Zealy Updates, Town Hall, Narrow AI, analytics, review, task creation, social media, Collaboration, communication, KPIs, animation
- emotions: Organised, informative, interactive, inconclusive