---
description: Mon 23rd Sep - Sun 29th Sep 2024
---

# Week 39

## Monday 23rd September 2024


### Strategy Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Ayo [facilitator], Effiom [documenter], Ayo, Effiom, Ese Williams, Yemi Solves, King David, Photogee, Clement, Cjfrankie, Vasu, Billy
- Purpose: Regular meeting of Strategy Guild.
- Working Docs:
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 9th September 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-cYP1zBwqZzTv05wz2BTM79ziCIhZEEJ9jELivVIupU/edit#heading=h.6fyp3cl3ve7w)
  - [Strategy Guild 23rd September Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UCRZpNA74AESx8grFme9Am7e4JxRqPUfP8VNsppB4Uc/edit)
  - [Strategy Guild Meeting Notes - 23rd September 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j-876OG2KCtIaj8pH15i_rS0-hnFOhA5hLmGGOFw1kQ/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Strategy Guild Working Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfAXNfkdS9avyAZSH0oG9CJj7bQQEd1qfvedyaNeH5U/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Strategy Guild Membership ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ym6eVAmf8LY-8TZq-VxONrFUizAaVQmP_V69GASivEQ/edit)
  - [Report: Strategy Guild Workshop Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s5NjLoXFrUtlMmLtoabYWAHEyPnT7C535A9edSmTFcw/edit#heading=h.rrkpida8lqgw)
  - [Strategy Worskshop Sessions (Report and Analysis)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ObqjPMxOiIldhyYtTwZ2XmhiI5PKtxdJ67DWh9rAImU/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild Q4 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fs4p6fR13u0OEPiDSmd8Q3iSW-M-UjUN2ho0AHUOKM8/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Strategy Guild Quarterly Report - Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ehGNXP7O4l9bfviUsGUaL2EplWsKg9AH4Qf3uHOsKNo/edit)
  - [Q4 budget objection summaries](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hmCt3ukWQgJH_jtWckFjFvw1iIO10QfMDRg7qCaSvto/edit)

#### Narrative:
INTRODUCTION - This meeting aims to discuss the Q4 plans and the concerns raised in the 2nd consent iteration.


ACTION ITEMS CHECKBOXES FROM THE LAST MEETING -  Ayo led the discussion on the action items from the previous meeting. Items DONE were closed and others were left OPEN:

1. Continue contribution to the Guild’s working document [OPEN]

2. Intending members to update their records in the working document as they meet the Core membership requirements [OPEN]

3. Effiom to draft and share last meeting summary [DONE]

4. Proper documentation of Gorga’s allegation for further discussions [OPEN]

5. Submit the Strategy Guild Q3 Report and Q4 Budget before the deadline [DONE]

6. Adopt Last Meeting Notes - 09.09.2024 [DONE]


ONBOARD NEW MEMBERS/CORE MEMBER ROLL CALL - As an intended member, Clement was advised to add his name to the working document before it is closed. We have 10 core strategy members and 5 members. Tentatively, the document will be closed by the end of Q3.

Ayo advised the 5 who have indicated interest in becoming core members of the Guild but are yet to meet all the requirements, to ensure they update their records as they meet the pending requirements. 


THE STRATEGY GUILD Q4 TASKS ROSTER - The Strategy Core members and Members were asked to go through the Guild Budget and indicate what roles they are interested in undertaking in Q4. See the Q4 task roster in the working documents.


TRANSPARENCY AND FEEDBACK: Q3 RETROSPECT - Tuso suggested in Discord that a three-person team should investigate Gorga’s claims against Ayo and Effiom. He indicated interest and volunteered to lead the committee. Cjfrankie also showed interest in being a member of this committee.

Billy asked why members needed to indicate interest in the Q4 roster. Ayo and Clement clarified the process.


THE Q4 BUDGET CONCERNS UPDATE - The summarized objections raised in the 2nd iteration are in the Q4 budget objection summaries document.


A.O.B - Ayo expressed gratitude to the participants and provided an overview of the plan for the next sessions.


#### Decision Items:
- The Q4 Task roster has been created and members who want to contribute should indicate interest in the Working Document or Discord
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The Strategy Guild working document will be closed by the end of Q3.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Tuso and Cjfrankie are members of the committee investigating Gorga’s allegations
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue indicating interest to the Q4 Task roster on Guild’s working document [due] 1 October 2024 [status] done
- [action] Members are to update their records in the working document as they meet the Core membership requirements [status] todo
- [action] The committee to investigate Gorga’s allegations of Ayo and Effiom [assignee] Tuso., Cjfrankie  [due] 7 October 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Draft and make meeting notes available [assignee] effiom [due] 7 October 2024 [status] done

### Treasury Automation WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Effiom [**documenter**], andre, effiom, onize, tevo
- **Purpose:** We develop the Treasury System
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKympo8o=/?moveToWidget=3458764599407266626&cot=14)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01J8F6PEVJPFZN9812JWPHDHYW?utm_source=Share_CopyLink&section=transcript)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Treasury Automation WG 23.09.24 Development Updates](https://www.youtu.be/2xuSGF2KuNg)
  - [Treasury Automation WG Q4 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19q6KtuU8F7PQLW1sTMEDxCYFI3ig1sOeUbdf2Bm5kLY/)

#### Agenda item 1 - Month of September Development Updates - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- 23.09.24 Development Updates: https://www.youtu.be/2xuSGF2KuNg
- Updates are being tracked on Swarm Dework
- No new updates were made to the documentation

#### Decision Items:
- The JSON generator still remains the main priority for development
  - [**rationale**] This is the main project in the Q3 proposal, hence why it is top priority
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Next month, include the snapshot of previous month updates that were not shared [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Test API calls for getting the hash of recognition IDs to ensure it works as intended [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Related updates to the Treasury System and Next Steps - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Backlog Updates
- Participation vs contribution tooling updates
- Treasury Support - Transaction reversal
- Improvements on handling of Duplicate proof
- The effect of the updates done by Mesh
- Adopting this template for project management: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUY=/?moveToWidget=3458764598084062992&cot=10
- Should we have a better way to track Backlogs and recognize priority?

#### Decision Items:
- For now, we will manually create a mechanism to filter based on new metadata standard, because there might be some infrastructure change in the near future
  - [**rationale**] There might be infrastructure change
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Creation of the JSONs for dashboard updates will be manual because the Treasury incident rarely happens
  - [**rationale**] The treasury incident of 17.09.2024 rarely happens so the JSON creation can be manual for now
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create New Metadata Standard that redacts/filters/nullifies on-chain Recognition Metadata Standard [**assignee**] Tevo [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Add calculation of INF token distribution for previous cycles to Treasury Guild action item [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Updates to Treasury dashboard to filter out faulty transactions [**assignee**] André [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Create a guiding document on how the rewards are calculated for participation reward tooling [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Treasury Automation WG Q4 Proposal and Budget fitting - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Treasury Automation WG Budget: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19q6KtuU8F7PQLW1sTMEDxCYFI3ig1sOeUbdf2Bm5kLY/
- What is the plan for Budget fitting for Treasury Automation WG?

#### Decision Items:
- In Q4, we would focus on pulling first for API wallet address and task updates
  - [**rationale**] Based on priority, pulling is first and then posting can be done later
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We are taking out Import GitHub API and Tasks to Treasury Manager task for Q4
  - [**rationale**] GitHub PBL budget hasn't yet been approved and even if it gets approved, this might not be top priority for them in Q4
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We are taking out creation of tool to automate generating Core Contributor lists
  - [**rationale**] The current manually process can still be used for now
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update the Q4 budget to reflect these decisions [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Open Topics - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- How can others track more real time what updates happen?
- Would a monthly update on Discord be enough?
- How to address the updates that happen after meeting and before next month?
- When should we reward ourselves for the Q3 proposal?

#### Decision Items:
- The best template for sharing updates in between meetings would be that we don't have to change information
  - [**rationale**] Because we won't have to change the information and the message would be a reference
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Updates should be posted in discord Bi-weekly
  - [**rationale**] Since the WG meetings are Monthly, Bi-weekly is ideal. That way members get updates twice before the next meeting
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Effiom to create the meeting summary and Andre to review
  - [**rationale**] This was the outcome of the voting system on Miro used during the meeting
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create a template message that reminds the last Summary and links to it. Then Shares live tasks (Swarm Dework Board) and roadmap to see future plans [**assignee**] effiom [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Miro Board, Development, tooling, Updates, Swarm Dework, JSON Generator, Backlogs, Budget fitting


## Wednesday 25th September 2024

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** lord kizzy [**facilitator**], lord kizzy [**documenter**], AJ, Advanceameyaw, lord kizzy, osmium, CollyPride, SubZero, malik, TheFreysDeFi, barnabas
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)
  - [Kenichi's proposal: LEGACY v0.1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wt4bBpX8fFO19SnccoZUMC5EUhCThtg03G8CMR4BsYk/edit#heading=h.mh210wtijphs)
  - [Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens (SBTs) ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit#heading=h.gm1rgrhw4mb)
  - [Q3 Research & Development Guild Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UojjDUZ8oG2X11gq7aBiEAwWuCfsnehDU1oVfviBnik/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [UPDATE R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report Response of Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s73947FVd4qQ2PLrJySpITzQvDO4py2757pqoMeHBDI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q2 Quarterly Report Update: R&D Guild   Response to Community Concerns ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12PaXH1LhU0LW0p_T87G5KmmSEwgNTSEn6-Ei-sHxtkw/edit#heading=h.oc2atqqh7mud)
  - [LEGACY vs Web3 Contributor Dashboard](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Q3 Operations Update ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzG3_q3vOS0LoFXOjUrwyXu1OSv3qExPjiGYEYsaK44/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [R&D Guild Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [New Collaboration Skills Database Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/130e1LR8zCaeIJrpO-12eAoHze19VUkJUZK6mYyyHOSs/edit)
  - [NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RaCoXN3fhPwDxqhTTuefbOQLegAvQbCbUNE9GTg_NgM/edit)
  - [Retrospective and Learnings from Q4 R&D New Operations Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: EC-Entity-Connections, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs
- R&D New Operations System Retrospective

- 
Collective decision Guild Members on the Entity connections
- Follow Up > New Operations System Deployment.

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction.
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Collaboration Skills Database: AJ and Advanceameyew gave updates on the hosting of the database: the teams have decided to host the database locally and they have made updates to the fields. Now the final testing is ongoing and results  will be provide by this Friday, 27th Sept.
- Discussion on Discord marketing bot: Subzero opened discussions on the developments of a Discord bot and channel that will amplify our Tweets on Discord for engagement. Lordkizzy suggested that a proposal could be created for the initiative and it could be presented to marketing guild as a community initiative, since the R&D Application process is temporary closed for now.
-  New Operations System Deployment: Lordkizzy announced that the voting system is live and he invited members to vote on the projects they wish to move forward on in Q4. He also spoke on getting feedback from the community for the system and areas for improvements.
- Discussions on R&D New Operations System Retrospective: Lordkizzy presented the R&D New Operations System Retrospective document that will be used to gather feedback from the community to the group. In the next call, we can have an interactive session where members can provide feedback on the system. Here is the Doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UzCa_pVjdCQ2WJkPXfNDa-4ic-YGjJQ-sH45gx4P_xg/edit?usp=sharing

- Discussion on the Collective decision for Guild Members on the Entity connections: Lordkizzy indicated that a call was held to review the milestone deliverables on the project so far and noted that only 15-20% of the entire project deliverable has been submitted in the repository. Further discussions will be made on this going forward.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to extend the discussion on the Entity Connections progress.
  - [**rationale**] We had a small house and we felt it's best to make decisions with a larger house.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Duke to give the presentation of the Ideation Project on Impact of Lingual Differences [**assignee**] Duke [**due**] 1 October 2024 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] AJ and Emmanuel will provide final updates on the skill database proposal [**assignee**] AJ, Emmanuel(advanceameyaw) [**due**] 1 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] AJ, ameyaw, kenichi to give a 3-minute presentation for the final deliverables on CSDB and Legacy system at Townhall [**assignee**] AJ, Advanceameyaw, Kenichi [**due**] 1 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to create a group to discuss the review of the entity connections [**assignee**] lord kizzy [**due**] 25 September 2024 [**status**] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Guilds, Tool Development, AI tooling, Operations, Deliverables, Presentation, Documentation, voting, Operations, Entity Connections, Marketing initiative, retrospective
- **emotions:** Casual, speedy, Welcoming, Thoughtful, Friendly, lengthy, argumentative


## Thursday 26th September 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** CollyPride [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], LadyTempestt, CallyFromAuron, SucrenSpice, kateri, Clement Umoh, lord kizzy, Tuso., CollyPride, TheFreysDeFi, PeterE, Duke
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting discussing how to onboard people to the Ambassador program
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Skillshare Matrix Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12R9WMWZRBQDRnnHUFC3dVoZwRkgKgNfj7uLBSaBNqkg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q4 Budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x9Rwdujw6BnYHtqx5TAeoEo1HK4N2OyJUguDH2hNHwQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding WG Objection Summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dfpDaS8rNmsDbHAZipDG3XQ5BEfMmlRblq_328jbOhM/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Business:
- We gave the standard reminder for new people to add their skills to the skillshare matrix
- We agreed the minutes of the last meeting
- We checked action items from the last meeting
- We checked facilitation and documentation next meeting
- Town Hall Updates - we confirmed that Tuso delivered them on the 24th as planned
- Onboarding Journeys
- Q4 Budget
- Github Project Management Training
- Gorga’s apology

#### Decision Items:
- Facilitation next meeting: We reassigned Jenn's facilitation role to LadyTempestt


  - [**rationale**] because Jenn has not been around much lately; and because she was not present today, so missed the chance to be mentored as a facilitator.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We approved the graphics for the Onboarding Journeys. We decided we will propose a session to share them with the rest of the community on Thurs Oct 10th, at the Open Gov session. This will be led by Duke and ideally Onize as the writer of the scripts, if she is free; with CJFrankie supporting if he's able to be there.
  - [**rationale**] We agreed some time ago that we want to share the journeys with the wider community in an Open Gov call - looking at the infographics and discussing the barriers we identified and how the community might work to overcome them.
  - [**opposing**] none, although CJFrankie is unsure whether he'll be free to attend.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Budget - we noted that Onboarding WG has passed the consent process, with no objections. However, as budget fitting of around 20% will still be needed, we agreed:
1) we will move to meeting fortnightly (this will save approx $450 in itself, plus another $350-ish on Dework and Miro work)
2) we may move part of the research project on "onboarding to decentralisation" to Q1 2025
3) we may decide to lose or reduce the budget line for contribution to documents
4) the Focus Group will meet to finalise these issues and will bring a proposal for a fitted budget to the next meeting on 3rd Oct.
  - [**rationale**] Because the lowering percentage is likely to be around 21%, so we will need to lose around $1,200 from our budget
  - [**opposing**] no objections, but some concerns raised about postponing the research project any further, since it has already been postponed from Q3 to Q4
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- GitHub Training session was confirmed for Mon 7th Oct, and is on the Calendar already. There have been some small changes made to the publicity for the session; and the title has been changed from  "GitHub Project Management" to "Project Board Demo".
Also a Zoom link has been added to the publicity blurb that will be posted.
  - [**rationale**] Marketing had inflated it to something more extensive than it will actually be (it's not a complete guide to project management), so it has been toned down a bit to avoid giving a false impression.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- In last week's meeting on Gorga’s allegations against the WG, Gorga agreed to apologise in writing in the WG Discord channel channel, after which we will give our agreed response in writing (i.e. that if he makes any further unfounded allegations, he will be suspended from the WG for a period and will be ineligible for paid tasks). Gorga has not done this yet. We agreed that we would still like him to do so; but that if he does not do so by next week, we will still issue our agreed response in writing

  - [**rationale**] For clarity and transparency.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Next week's facilitator: LadyTempestt. Documenter: Kateri
 [**assignee**] LadyTempestt, kateri [**due**] 3 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tuso will give Onboarding WG town hall updates on the 24th of September.
 [**assignee**] Tuso. [**due**] 24 September 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Vani add clarification to the quarterly report about the onboarding work group's purpose;  the purpose of closing the work group; the fact that we ARE tracking numbers of people onboarded and the time it takes; and why we find it valuable to use our shadow-mentorship approach to sharing tasks such as documentation. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dfpDaS8rNmsDbHAZipDG3XQ5BEfMmlRblq_328jbOhM/edit?usp=sharing  [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 26 September 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Vani to send the documentation session video to Tevo, and Tevo to upload it to YouTube - see https://youtu.be/sTRa37Hslts [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron, Tevo [**due**] 26 September 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Peter to add GitHub Project Management Training to the Ambassador account Zoom calendar
 [**assignee**] Peter [**due**] 26 September 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy to coordinate with marketing guild team to create graphics and publicize the GitHub training event on 7th Oct
 [**assignee**] lord kizzy [**due**] 7 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Photogee to timestamp the recording of the Github Board training session on 7th Oct [**assignee**] Photogee [**due**] 10 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to contact Onize to ask if she will help lead the session on the Onboarding Journeys on 10th October [**assignee**] callyfromauron [**due**] 30 September 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Onyeka to rework the Q4 roster to reflect our decision to meet fortnightly in Q4 [**assignee**] lord kizzy [**due**] 3 October 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Colleen to approach Gorga and ask him to post his written apology by the end of the month [**assignee**] CollyPride [**due**] 30 September 2024 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Focus Group to do budget-fitting for Q4 budget [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, CallyFromAuron [**due**] 3 October 2024 [**status**] todo

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Budget fitting
- Q4 roster
- Gorga's apology

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** TH Update, Onboarding Journey Scripts, skills matrix, Onboarding WG Objection Summary, Q4 2024 budget, Q3 2024 quarterly report, GitHub training, GitHub, github board, Budget fitting, apology, allegations, Focus Group, research, Marketing WG, fortnightly, biweekly, meeting dates
- **emotions:** small, low attendance, chatty, Friendly, analytical


## Friday 27th September 2024


### Writers Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Kenichi [**facilitator**], Cjfrankie  [**documenter**], Kenichi, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, Emmanuel Issac, Ines, Mikasa, AJ
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting of the writers' workgroup, centered on the Q4 proposed budget.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [WWG Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jvQ4DfJd6WYsYdZORg8t4g3Dsft88guYno7bxWIMsVQ/edit)

#### Narrative:
Kenichi started the meeting as he normally would; he welcomed everyone, and then he highlighted the meeting agenda. 
He started by asking the scribes if the published drafts on the community page had been edited. Cjfrankie answered that Gorga submitted his draft a few hours before the meeting, so the review will be done over the weekend. Kenichi also urged Ines to submit the Overcoming Nursing Challenge document to the community page. Moving forward, he shed light on the MIX POST social media tool; he hinted that Video WG is already using it and it’s time for the WWG to explore the tool. A lot of conversations happened in the Zoom Chat — Ines Gavina, Lady Tempestt, and Gorga took to the chat to talk about exploring more social platforms like Reddit, Quora, and LinkedIn, to expand our reach as a community. Gorga also showed interest in writing an article about the token event in Singapore featuring Jasmine from Rejuve.

Budget Update: We tackled the budget discussion together. Following a discussion in the OpenGov call on 26th September, it is clear that our budget only needs a slight edit to have it pass. According to the Treasury, we only have to make a 20% cut, and to this effect, we glanced through the budget sheet to see the areas we can adjust. Additionally, Kenichi mentioned that moving forward, we will be focusing more on ecosystem-related articles and Twitter threads while the community page takes a break since we have published quite some articles over the last couple of months. Kenichi talked about reducing Zealy allocation, and how WWG and Video WG are joining forces toward making Zealy a success. To keep Zealy fully functional, Video WG will send some allocation while we keep running Zealy three times in a quarter. Ines suggested that we take our Spanish page management from the WWG budget and have it led by the LatAm guild. Interestingly, we have reallocation funding coming into the WWG account; however, Kenichi is still in close contact with Tevo, and he will share more detailed information as we move further along. Kenichi stated that due to the low token price, Zealy is on hold till further notice and the Friday trivia game will become biweekly.



#### Decision Items:
- We decided that the Zealy allocation will come from both the WWG and the Video WG to save cost, and we’re also looking forward to moving it to the marketing guild.


  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to change the Friday trivia game from weekly to biweekly, due to budget constraints.
  - [**rationale**] Due to the token price and budget fitting, we might not be able to fund the trivia if it keeps running on a weekly basis. Rather, a bi-weekly schedule will save us some money.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The scribes to edit the latest drafts submitted to the community page.

 [**assignee**] Cjfrankie  [**due**] 4 October 2024 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Gorga to share the Rejuve token 2049 event topic idea in the writers' Discord  channel.
 [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 4 October 2024 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q4 budget, Marketing Guild, Twitter threads, Triva, community page, Zealy, video WG
- **emotions:** quiet, Discursive, calm

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Ayo, Eric Davies, Ese Williams, TheFreysDeFi, Olokoji, Photogee, Kenichi, Advanceameyaw, Kareem, Cjfrankie, kateri, Mikasa, Moitlheki, lord kizzy, Aguda
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Meeting Summary - Marketing Guild - 20 September 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FroLuL0GPiIWiSNUJiP9ph_PvvROVzse8Zov-rsUbeg/edit#heading=h.1qqhjio0eyo2)
  - [Marketing Guild 27th September Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkD4UD3MUg4C_IdY5XSQBaTo88ULy0PhsRyeYPrq6-Y/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild: Global Outreach](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kv51uAN1Tlvz89IEvOOV295VZxWXo9HRz3tuse92hi8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Survey on FAQs for SingularityNET, Its Ecosystem, and the Ambassador Program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QLRfDP7sO4Tyi1RLryXy4DnVnbdVD41iPzDfvgSEGa0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [RE-KPIs Version: Roles and Responsibilities](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rMxZA9qhTBXF7AhilNPQ_93-UdYhW5JEDAXGjtVn5nY/edit#heading=h.qt25uhu2cl6a)
  - [Ambassador Program Budget Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?gid=1136630469#gid=1136630469)

#### Discussion Points:
- Notion Setup Completion: The Notion workspace has been successfully set up.
- Documentation Aesthetics: Kenichi suggested improvements to the aesthetics of the documentation, noting that the current layout could be enhanced.
- Budget Approval: The proposed budget for Q4 has been officially approved.
- Ecosystem Navigation Chatbot: Kevin proposed the idea of introducing a chatbot to help new users navigate the ecosystem more seamlessly, improving accessibility and user experience.
- Ideation Document Status: Ese mentioned that the Ideation document is not yet ready for review.
- SingularityNET Promotion: Kareem Thomas shared ideas on promoting SingularityNET by organizing a mascot event
- Onboarders' Feedback: CJ gave positive feedback regarding the onboarding of new members, highlighting their smooth integration into the team.
- Content and Engagement Update: Mikasa noted that there has been a lot of content and announcements recently, which have garnered significant engagement from the community.
- Scheduling tools: kateri recommended Later for social media Automation
- Kenichi mentioned that Singularity new ambassador Mascot initiative was fair enough

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ese to present the Ideation document once it is ready. [**assignee**] Ese Williams [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Ese to update the necessary document so that Zealot can get started on their tasks. [**assignee**] Ese Williams [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Kareem Thomas to provide a detailed document outlining strategies for promoting SingularityNET in a fun and engaging way. [**assignee**] Kareem [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] All members to submit their activities on Tally form
 [**assignee**] All Members [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Onboarding, Documentation, Ambassador Program marketing, Zealot, mascot, chatbot, Notion, Q4 2024 budget,  
- **emotions:** Friendly, warm, ideas, progressive