---
description: Mon 16th Sep - Sun 22nd Sep 2024
---

# Week 38

## Wednesday 18th September 2024

### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [QADAO] [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], André, CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], Clement Umoh, CollyPride, Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt, lord kizzy, esewilliams
- Purpose: Regular fortnightly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET Archive AI features (draft of possible features an AI tool might have)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LROsgVAQ9fQbNgMRK5qMI8q8KYsN-rGI-Gq9lvXAN5w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [How to make a document community owned](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hQs4ocUhT6mrvgn-ZjTO7O2aVDm-KEsYIiPaAOQH1Gc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Docs management tool](https://snet-doc-manager.netlify.app/#)
  - [New Summary Tool Features](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wxziaDEdMdYeiqv0ecuuygHgfd9a9F18odje_2qaT7g/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [draft Q3 quarterly report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZJeuLJ_5GYUjxZiUUEfXHkMfDTJoH11wjLmsTU-K3n0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Today's meeting Issue ](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/202)

#### Decision Items:
- Summary tool redesign: See issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/181 - André and Vanessa met on Mon 9th Sept and agreed priorities (see New Summary Tool features https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wxziaDEdMdYeiqv0ecuuygHgfd9a9F18odje_2qaT7g/edit?usp=sharing) and have decided to focus initially on the quicker fixes that will make most difference for documenters.

Some changes have already been made: the interface is more mobile-friendly; there is export to Google doc rather than PDF; fields are now blocks with all the text visible at once, rather than single lines that you need to scroll up and down to see; fields such as who is present, tags, tc can be cleared with one click; and there is a "light" mode (there will be a "dark" mode reinstated for those who prefer it!)
  - [rationale] Focusing on these changes first, because want to focus initially on things that will have the biggest effect on ease of use of the tool. 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We decided that the "Open source paradigm" work would be best presented at a Town Hall rather than a separate meeting. Stephen to pick a date in October and let Peter know.
  - [rationale] Because in TH in the past, conversations about open-source have been lively - clearly those who attend find it an interesting topic.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that some of the insights in the "How to make a document community owned" (see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hQs4ocUhT6mrvgn-ZjTO7O2aVDm-KEsYIiPaAOQH1Gc/edit?usp=sharing) could be folded into Stephen's presentation on our open-source paradigm
  - [rationale] because the issues raised relate to open-source ethos and culture
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- On the open source docs management work: André has discovered a way to record a reuseable auth token for Google docs 
  - [rationale] so he does not have to change the API key every week
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- On our tag taxonomy: this is close to finished, and a controlled vocab will likely be incorporated into the summary tool redesign; we will have an option for "other", so that people can add new tags, but they will not be immediately visible in the Tool - any new tags added will be ratified in Archives meetings.
  - [rationale] To avoid problems with people adding tags that are really similar to existing tags.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116  - task has been handed over to Onyeka with a due date of next meeting (2nd Oct). [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 2 October 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Stephen to set a date in October for presenting the "Open-source paradigm" work at a TH, and let Peter know [assignee] Stephen [QADAO] [due] 2 October 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to submit the budget and quarterly report by Monday 9th Sept [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 9 September 2024 [status] done
- [action] Sucre to finish updating Ambassador gitbook to reflect changes to the Onboarding process by the end of the Quarter [assignee] Sucre n Spice [due] 30 September 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vani to go through all outstanding Issues on the board and check they have the correct milestone [assignee] CallyFromAuron [due] 2 October 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: open source, open source ethos, meeting summary tool, API key, Tag taxonomy, community owned, meeting summary tool redesign, Town Hall presentation, Presentation, tags
- emotions: Organised, cheerful, short