---
description: 4th December to 10th December 2023
---

# Week 50

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=39607859&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 4th December 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-7220a1c8-7fff-6dcf-6ff8-f8f1eaa6846b" id="docs-internal-guid-7220a1c8-7fff-6dcf-6ff8-f8f1eaa6846b"></a>

### <mark style="color:green;">Education Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter], Slate, Malik, Peter, Kenichi, WaKa, Osmium

#### Agenda:

Ambassador Certification Program (ACP)

#### Notes:

Very short meeting due to connection issues in Discord.\
Meeting was for presentation of Homework for the assigned infographics: Waka - NuneT; Osmium - Jam Galaxy; Slate - SophiaVerse; Malik - DeepFunding; Headelf - Rejuve, Rejuve Bio.

\[decision] Headelf also briefly discussed decision to sign up for Google Class based on research and recommendations, in order to have an educational platform.

#### Meeting length

20 minutes

#### Action items:

\[action] continuation of infographics\
\[action] Google Class enrolment

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Developer workgroup</mark>

Nascent group that has begun to meet, but is not yet documenting

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Knowledge Base Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

## Tuesday 5th December 2023

### Governance WorkGroup

No summary given

***

### Ambassador Town Hall

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/KV94iMk4ADU?feature=shared" %}

#### Summary

This meeting focused on the proposal for a Round Table that has been created in Strategy Guild: see [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e6eirn-c-1dzyQjHGKb5i1sdf\_LRTyc7fYO-oARB0kk/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e6eirn-c-1dzyQjHGKb5i1sdf_LRTyc7fYO-oARB0kk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Timestamps

[00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV94iMk4ADU\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=43\&t=0s) Introduction by Peter\
[01:40](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV94iMk4ADU\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=43\&t=100s) Mentions\
[02:52](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV94iMk4ADU\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=43\&t=172s) Round Table proposal\
[12:35](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV94iMk4ADU\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=43\&t=755s) Vote on the proposal\
[31:50](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV94iMk4ADU\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=43\&t=1910s) Open Discussion\
[01:06:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV94iMk4ADU\&list=PLtIECegvj4jPg4krxfzU_LvRtmPmh7e2d\&index=43\&t=3990s) Ending by Peter

***

### Incubation Think-Tank

No summary given

***

## Wednesday 6th December 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

#### **Present:**

Tevo \[facilitator] \[documenter], André, Peter, Effiom, James, Will

#### **Purpose:**

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.

#### **Meeting notes:**

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764570468702961\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764570468702961\&cot=10)

#### **Meeting Video Summary:**

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/_UYi_-wRcAE" %}

#### **Dework Updates:**

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Playing Through Lesson Activities**

**Discussion Points**\
We updated the Background Knowledge lesson content with action messages.

**Decision items**\
\[decision] We will use assignments in the Background Knowledge and onboarding module.

**Action Items**\
\[action] We will create extra assignments under Background Knowledge to give an overview of activities that students learned. The assignment is a lesson type that learners can commit to.

#### **2) Andamio Management**

**Discussion Points**\
We set up a local server for the new Andamio version\
We went through course creator access management and Andamio token credential flows

#### **3) Workgroup Updates**

**Discussion Points**\
Next Meeting on January 2nd half Async contribution opportunities will come out after completing previous actions on Miro board

#### **Keywords**

**Topics**\
React, formatting, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio Andamio

**Sources:**\
Course: [https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course)

**How the meeting felt:**\
The meeting felt a bit of all over the place, some people had to leave early, some joined later, so it was harder to keep the flow of agenda items.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Incubation Guild</mark>

Not this week

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Strategy Guild</mark>

#### Present:

Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter], Rojo, Peter, Osmium

#### Agenda:

Round Table document

#### Notes:

Discussion centered on the voices heard at Town Hall on 5th December 2023 on the RT document.\
\[decision] We decided to view the recent comments and edit the document further to reflect the comments.\
Peter brought up the need for a body and training on conflicts.\
The rest of the session was based on editing the document .

#### Sources:

Round Table document [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e6eirn-c-1dzyQjHGKb5i1sdf\_LRTyc7fYO-oARB0kk/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e6eirn-c-1dzyQjHGKb5i1sdf_LRTyc7fYO-oARB0kk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Meeting length

I hour 25 mins

#### Action items:

None

***

## Thursday 7th December 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### Present: <a href="#docs-internal-guid-600a6c1a-7fff-5b9a-4773-38e09d9bf9f5" id="docs-internal-guid-600a6c1a-7fff-5b9a-4773-38e09d9bf9f5"></a>

Vanessa \[facilitator], Onyeka \[documenter], Sucre n Spice, Love, Peter, Kent, Cjfrankie

#### In this meeting we discussed:

Minutes from the last meeting\
Action items from last meeting\
Next Ambassador TH Update.\
Onboarding Survey\
Continuous Onboarding\
Budget for Q1, 2024\
Treasury issues about Onboarding budget\
Q4 quarterly report\
Christmas break and resumption dates.

#### Our next Town Hall Update wil cover

* Thank everyone for the responses from the Onboarding WG Survey so far and tell them we are looking at it and will give insights on it at the following week’s meeting.
* Thank those that allowed us use part of their meeting time for the Continuous onboarding process and say the full report is coming soon
* Invite people to our next meeting.
* Inform the community on dates of our Christmas break.

#### Decisions:

\[decision] We agreed to meet those Workgroups (Writers' Workgroup and Gamer's Guild) that have agreed to have us in their next meeting and asynchronously get feedback from others that haven't.\
\[decision] We agreed to host an onboarding session once every two months as part of what we are doing in Q1, 2024.\
\[decision] We agreed that some members (Sucre n Spice, Love, Vani) will analyse the Onboarding survey asynchronously\
\[decision] Cjfrankie will receive the onboarding workgroup tag on Discord if he attends the next Onboarding meeting\
\[decision] Christmas break will commence 14th December 2023 and we will be back for meetings 11th January 2024.

#### Action items:

\[action] Sucren to tweak the scripts and relay the imagery in the onboarding video to LilyCupcake.\
\[action] Sucren to paraphrase the comments in the FAQ.\
\[action] Vani to meet Tevo, Andre, Stephen and Tommy and get them to drop their feedback on the Continuous Onboarding Survey on Miro.\
\[action] Vani to ask Tevo to add the necessary changes to the Getting Started Channel.\
\[action] Sucren to attend the next Treasury meeting.\
\[action] Love, Sucren, Vani to work asynchronously to develop analysis on the Onboarding survey (responses)\
\[action]Onyeka and Vani to meet Gamer's Guild on 9th December concerning their onboarding process\
\[action] Sucren, Vani, Love and Onyeka are to meet the Writer's WG on 8th December concerning their onboarding process\
\[action] All to add comments and ideas to the Quarterly Report Doc.

#### Learning points:

The importance of appreciation and depreciation of the AGIX token while planning Q1 Budget.

#### To carry over for next meeting:

* The Quarterly report for Q4 2023
* The Q1 2024 Budget discussion

#### Keywords:

**Topics covered:**\
Onboarding, Survey, Workgroup, TH Update, Guild, Budget.

**Sources:**\
Onboarding WG budget sheet [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit?usp=sharing)

Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)

GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)

Onboarding WG - how can we support other WGs to onboard new people in their meetings [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing)

Session plan for Onboarding sessions with other WGs [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mwNfAaQd3uvMO1T9EQXnnOXQ5jtGkst8mEteZBM6uiI/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mwNfAaQd3uvMO1T9EQXnnOXQ5jtGkst8mEteZBM6uiI/edit?usp=sharing)

Onboarding WG survey responses [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cUuZZNKJTp5sfA8pj244dZlSkbAeSesCHr5U4-P-dYQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cUuZZNKJTp5sfA8pj244dZlSkbAeSesCHr5U4-P-dYQ/edit?usp=sharing)

Onboarding Workgroup on Treasury Guild dashboard: [https://treasuryguild.com/Singularity%20Net/Singularity%20Net%20Ambassador%20Wallet?tab=report\&months=All+months\&workgroups=onboarding-workgroup\&tokens=AGIX\&labels=All+labels](https://treasuryguild.com/Singularity%20Net/Singularity%20Net%20Ambassador%20Wallet?tab=report\&months=All+months\&workgroups=onboarding-workgroup\&tokens=AGIX\&labels=All+labels)

**How the meeting felt:**\
Contributive, Thoughtful, Friendly

**Other:**\
We had a new member in our meeting (Kent)

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

Not this week

***

### Incubation: AI Sandbox

No summary given

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Deepfunding Town Hall</mark>

Not this week

***

## Friday 8th December 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Marketing Guild</mark>

#### Present:

jay.05 | Judith W. \[facilitator] \[documenter], Peter E, Russ (SDAO), Tevo, Kenichi

#### In this meeting we discussed:

* Updates since Snet X Spinoffs event on 1st Dec 2023: went over follow-up action that took place over the last week and current status of collaborations with Cogito and Mindplex. Plus current pending collaborations/ discussions.
* Using Mattermost for internal communication with spin-offs
* How can we best amplify content for spin-offs to boost the algorithm?
* Using Zealy to recognize/reward community efforts to amplify SNET spin-off content (setting this up as a test)
* Possible engagement of Ambassadors on Mastodon platform
* Suitable times to have next spin-off X Ambassadors session

#### Decisions:

\[decision] To use Zealy to recognize/ track community efforts related to amplifying social media content. We will test this for now with a small group of Ambassadors.\
\[decision] To use Mattermost as the main communication channel between Ambassadors and spin-offs\
\[decision] To ask spin-offs if there is interest in setting up another call with Ambassadors in 2023

#### Action Items:

\[action] Kenichi to set up Zealy test\
\[action] Judith to add Zealy task on Dework\
\[action] Judith to follow set time for a call with Hruy from Mindplex\
\[action] Judith to stay in touch with spin-offs and find best time for next group call (or 1-1 meetings)

***

### Writers' Workgroup

#### Present:

Kenichi \[facilitator], Sucre n Spice, Judith, LadyTempestt \[documenter], Mikasa, Vanessa, Sandra G, Emmanuel Isaac, LordKizzy, Cj Frankie

#### Agenda:

* 30 mins discussion with a Cogito representative (Sandra G)
* Contents to send out before Christmas break.
* Meeting with Onboarding WG on how the Writers WG does continuous onboarding(20 mins)

#### Meeting narrative:

* Sandra asked how rewards will be made to the writers for collaboration (the amount and strategies)
* Kenichi explained how Treasury Guild is in charge and the rewards would be 2 CGP/Word
* Sandra also said there'll be a brief of the article before it's written, the goal of Cogito (to post article on the knowledge app, partnership and collaboration with SNET ambassador program)
* Kenichi asked if we can have multiple titles from different areas of focus in the article with different assignees
* Kenichi spoke about writing content for each month (pick up the highlights) on SNET’s ecosystem and SNET Ambassador program growth.
* Onboarding WG ran a short research session to find out how Writers' WG do continuous onboarding.

#### Action Items:

**\[action]** Kenichi to assign tasks to scribblers on highlights of everything that happened each month in the SNET Ecosystem and Ambassador program (Jan-Dec).\
&#xNAN;**\[action]** CJFrankie to write a Twitter thread on Jan/Feb. highlights (events that occurred) in the SNET Ecosystem.

#### Keywords:

**Topics covered:**\
Continuous onboarding, SNET, Workgroup, Cogito, Twitter thread, points system, infographics, payment

Sources:\
Onboarding WG's Miro board [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/)

Cogito article on Medium [https://medium.com/@CogitoProtocol/the-future-of-cogito-protocol-tokenizing-traditional-assets-to-revolutionize-onchain-finance-61e36bd0d9dc](https://medium.com/@CogitoProtocol/the-future-of-cogito-protocol-tokenizing-traditional-assets-to-revolutionize-onchain-finance-61e36bd0d9dc)

Cogito Content Spreadsheet by Sandra [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tFbZfAyC\_7EG-tU5bDX9XYL4mXtsgzi4QUxMcDGNjQY/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tFbZfAyC_7EG-tU5bDX9XYL4mXtsgzi4QUxMcDGNjQY/edit?usp=sharing)

\
**How the meeting felt:**\
Informative, Insightful, and Contributive, Quiet.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Video Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:

Rojo \[facilitator], Judith \[documenter], Lord\_kizzy, Malik

#### In this meeting we:

* Discussed our Holiday meeting schedule
* Discussed the videos that went out last week
* Discussed possible new timing for video WG meetings
* Welcomed new member Malik to the video WG
* Discussed the creation of a document that will help us operate in a more decentralized way and help us rotate roles and responsibilities by breaking tasks down so they can easily be learned and executed by anyone
* Discussed Town Hall meeting edits and whether or not TH meetings can be live streamed on YouTube instead of editing them, which is a lot of work as they are big files that take a long time to render. People are are more likely to listen to Town Hall videos instead of watching them on screen, so the editing effort to make it visually appealing might not be worth it

#### Decisions:

\[decision] We will work towards a more decentralized way of operating by breaking tasks down and explaining them well so anyone can do them. We will start the process with 1-2 tasks at a time.\
\[decision] We will continue to post videos during the holidays\
\[decision] Rojo will check with Ambassadors if we can live stream the Town Hall meetings on YouTube so they do not need to be edited\
\[decision] We will have a vote on when the best time for the video WG meetings is for everyone

#### Action items

\[action] Rojo will put out a link where workgroup members can input their preferred timing for video WG meetings\
\[action] Rojo will work on decentralisation document that will break down and explain tasks (start with 1-2 task at a time)\
\[action] Rojo to check with Ambassadors to see if we can live stream the Town Hall meetings instead of having to edit them\
\[action] Judith to write the meeting summary for this meeting

#### Keywords:

**Topics covered**\
Holiday Schedule, Town Hall Meeting Edit, New Member Onboarding, Video WG Timing, Decentralization

**Sources:**\
Video Workgroup Carrd: [https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/](https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/)

**How the meeting felt:**\
Productive, Collaborative, Problem-Solving

***

## Saturday 9th December 2023

### Gamers' Guild

#### Present: <a href="#docs-internal-guid-6f685fc6-7fff-eb12-f387-6963a765276d" id="docs-internal-guid-6f685fc6-7fff-eb12-f387-6963a765276d"></a>

Malik \[facilitator], Hufiumer69, Rebel ,Devon Hardy, Vanessa, Lord Kizzy, Flyn

#### Meeting Narrative:

Malik opened the meeting by providing a concise summary of the session, revealing that it would be divided into two distinct parts, each with its own focus and activities.\
Part 1 focused on gaming, and Part 2 on a discussion of continuous onboarding. Participants were given clear explanations and directions for each part, ensuring an organized and engaging session for all attendees.

#### Part 1 - Games:

The first part of the meeting was dedicated to gaming. Two games were on the agenda: Land IO with three rounds and Putt Party for one round of 6 holes.\
Malik explained the rules and regulations for these games, including the point system for the top 3 participants in each round:

* 1st place: 4 points
* 2nd place: 3 points
* 3rd place: 2 points

#### Rewards:

Land IO, Putt Party :

Top Participant : Hufiumer69 (both), Rebel (Land IO)

#### Part 2 - “Continuous Onboarding":

In the second part of the meeting, Malik introduced Gamers Guild to the Onboarding workgroup and explained how we onboard and welcome new people to the guild.

Qestions asked by the onboarding workgroup were:\
Q: How are new people welcomed/ introduced?\
A : people are free to socialise - gamers session is an icebreeaker

Q : Do you make changes in the meeting to make it easier for them?\
A : We try to open by socialising with them - ask them for a little intro about themselves

Q : Is there any info you share with them?\
A : At the end of the session we do a little exploration of sNET - eg last session we talked about Ben Goertzel twin in Decentraland. It takes a bit of prep.

Q : Are there any onboarding tasks they are required to do?\
A : getting poeple to know Gamers Guild - people might not engage with online meeting - shifting timeslot for session

Q : How do they officially become a member?\
A : No official role - anyone's free to join. Winning game = rewards!

Q : What is your retention rate?\
A : Frequency of joining is good, and people do tend to keep coming back - only 1 session

#### Keywords:

**Topics:**\
Games, Land IO, Putt Party, Onboarding, Continuous Onboarding, Dr Ben Goertzel's Twin prototype, Games

**Sources:**\
Onboarding Workgroup's Miro board [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/?moveToWidget=3458764559340088151\&cot=14](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/?moveToWidget=3458764559340088151\&cot=14)

***
## Thursday 14th December 2023

### Onboarding Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Sucre n Spice [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Sucre n Spice, CallyFromAuron, PeterE, LordKizzy
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Twitter thread draft google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/184jGMoNmQ4uaumRf-DWqEhgdgDEIvWDWRyaZhiZIXRk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [SNET Onboarding WG Task Reward Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit)
  - [Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding WG - how can we support other WGs to onboard new people in their meetings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Session plan for Onboarding sessions with other WGs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mwNfAaQd3uvMO1T9EQXnnOXQ5jtGkst8mEteZBM6uiI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Town Hall Updates:
-Results from survey - quick outline, thank people for participating, and share doc
-Our quarterly report - share it
-Continuous onboarding sessions - say that analysis is coming, and thank the WGs we spoke to
-Say when our next meeting is (11th January 2024)


#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of last Meeting 
- Action items from last meeting 
- Next Ambassador Town Hall Update
- Twitter thread of the contents of the Getting started channel 
- Continuous Onboarding
- Onboarding Survey 
- Q4 Quarterly report 
- Budget for Q1

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed on rotating the meeting facilitation in Q1 of 2024.
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to present the Survey analysis in the next Town Hall
  - [**opposing**] None
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to take this meeting as the last meeting of the year
  - [**opposing**] None
- We agreed to present the Q4 Quarterly report in the next Town Hall 
  - [**opposing**] None

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Sucren  to paraphrase the comments in the FAQ. [**assignee**] Sucren [**due**] 2024-01-11 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to meet Tevo and Tommy and try getting them to drop their feedback on the Continuous Onboarding Survey on Miro. [**assignee**] Vanessa [**due**] 2024-01-11 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Vani to speak to Tevo on inputting the necessary changes to the Getting Started Channel [**assignee**] Vanessa [**due**] 2024-01-11 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Love and Onyeka to create an infographic for the Twitter thread Doc.  [**assignee**] LadyTempestt, LordKizzy [**due**] 2024-01-11 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Peter to speak to Fly and try getting him to asynchronously drop his feedback on the Continuous Onboarding Survey on Miro [**assignee**] PeterE [**due**] 2024-01-11 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Sucren to speak to Tommy and try getting him to asynchronously drop his feedback on the Continuous Onboarding Survey on Miro. [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice [**due**] 2024-01-11 [**status**] todo

#### Learning Points:
- Due to the possibility of the AGIX token depreciating in price, it would be wise to plan for the worst case scenario while planning on Q1 Budget.

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- The changes made to the Getting Started Twitter thread
- The Q1 Budget discussion

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Guilds , Roles, Continuous Onboarding, WG reserves, token price, onboarding survey, Q4 2023 quarterly report, Getting Started twitter thread
- **emotions:** Collaborative, speedy , funny , Thoughtful , Friendly