Speaker 1  0:02  
Welcome, everybody. Thanks for joining townhall number 24 of the ambassador programme. My quickly the bulk of the agenda for today. And we'll start with a bit of progress on the workgroups, which the list is becoming longer. So that's great. It's the process guilt, the podcast group thresher guilt on the social media slash marketing guilt. And afterwards, I'll walk over some updates on the tasks and a couple of Yeah, shorts, mentioned things I want to cover a little bit. That's a broad outline. If at any point you feel like adding something to the agenda, or something we should cover at the end of the meeting, feel free to mention. Yeah, let's dive right in. On the on the slides, you can see that I posted them in the discord channel, you can find links to the most recent recordings of these work groups being set up currently to be shown on the ambassador programme. YouTube channel, there's some minor startup issues, let's say. But yeah, shouldn't take too long to get that sorted. And then you have one place for all your meeting needs. You can watch back all the all the stuff that's happening. Let's start off with the process. Gov meeting. We had a meeting this morning. And it's open to join for everybody. All these meetings are open to join for everybody, for that matter. At 10 UTC on Tuesdays. Something we discussed today was I actually defer provided a really nice video recap. Let's say it's not so much the full meeting recording but more recap of what we discussed. I highly suggest checking it out. Perhaps if I asked if I could do like, even shorter recap of the recap.

Tevo  2:15  
Yeah, sure. So the main agenda items were preparing for decision making process and preparing time in a sense, and that kind of took us into discussing that we need either more meetings and and we was wondering, do we want to introduce a new meeting style called governance squealed or we just make extroverted groups just to get this a bit of a compiled amount of questions answered and work done in order to move on with the translation test process? And then yeah, we went quickly over what we already had that.

Unknown Speaker  3:01  
That's somebody

Speaker 1  3:06  
Yep. Thanks a lot. Yeah, we bump into the while the situation where we, there's more and more stuff, which requires organising, let's say, for example, with a concrete use case, where a work group wants to decide something, can this work group decide something regarding bounties, for example, by themselves? or would this need to be checked in with the Treasury goat? And if so, then the Treasury guilt report to the town hall for approval? So yeah, basically, it's a bit of figuring out how the power structures or the governance processes how they work. But this type of discussions all started when we were trying to map out the process for translation tasks. And right now that's still somewhat while there's still work to be done on that thing where it originated from, we just kind of got built into Yeah, higher level or different level processes as well there.

Speaker 1  4:16  
Let's see done. On the Treasury guild meeting, we had the second meeting last week on Thursdays 17 UTC, I believe. That's a bi weekly meeting. So this week, that will not take place, but on the 17th of November. The third meeting will take place

Speaker 1  4:45  
let's see a short recap of what we discussed there is in the treasury gilts. Slack channel basically Yeah, we more or less discussed, the biggest topic was, what would be a reasonable hourly rate of pay, which we could use Ambassador programme white as a bit of a, like a standard. And yeah, we had a whole discussion on numbers there. Basically, we decided for now we would, until the end of year, at least, where we would review the situation. We settled on about $10 per hour. It was very interesting discussion. And we're all kind of pros and cons. So I do suggest to check that meeting out as well. Yeah, and Wait, isn't this done dollars per hour would love for, first of all, for Yeah, somewhat decent compensation. And would love for the programme to have enough budget to get a whole bunch of work done. Like, in a way we, of course, we don't want to cheap out and underpaid. But at the same time we've budgets to manage and there's only so much we potentially can do. So yeah, that that was the main discussion there. Does anybody wants to add something on that?

Speaker 3  6:34  
Yeah, I was, I was just gonna say if anybody ever has any feedback, you can see that we kind of started the conversation at different rates of pay, and what the pros and cons would be, and how many hours that would leave us with at different rates of pay. We kind of settled on $10 an hour. And we're expecting any feedback from anybody, what would they think about that? The decision is not set in stone right now until the next Treasury meeting. So

Speaker 1  7:09  
yeah, that's definitely important to mention that, that, yeah, we're very open to feedback, let's say we don't want to push any decision making with leaving people out. Like, of course, at some point, you need to make decisions. But we agreed on having a sense, it's a biweekly meeting to allow for up until the next meeting for Yeah, for potential input to change the decision to have that use the $10 until January, where we will review it anyway. And also, I am God.

Tevo  7:44  
And this, this is why we're actually kind of tucked away in the process called into this treasure record discussions and like thinking about covering governance goal is because there was another question related to that, but what if I need $25 An hour budget in order to have the talent needed to do the work. And I will say that there is a room for credibility. So if, if there is a $10 standard, each or something in the guides and documentation, you see, this is the this is a suggested value that we would like to use, and this is most schools are probably gonna standardise around. But if you need to have a higher budget, then you're allowed to do that. So it's like you don't then task, like the thing we need to do in hours by to say, in order to, there is enough budget to like you say that this is a task, it requires X amount of hours like you don't really say how much I want this needs to be done. And this the budget for that. And this way, you are able to find out every remap evaluate the heart rate based on the talent. So it doesn't mean everything gets locked. But it does mean that we can have more and more complex baby mastery over time.

Speaker 3  9:15  
Yeah, that's a good point. It could be really cool to give workgroups a budget and then they can be experimental with that budget, however they see fit. And like you're saying have that $10 An hour kind of as a good a good staple for like, the more broad tests that we passed

Speaker 1  9:39  
that was actually Biden among what was also discussed. Looking at the next workgroup on the list, the broadcast group right now, Julian has he received tokens for leading the word workgroup and he also receives tokens for work group budget. And up until now at least we had full freedom to do as a police with this budget. And I think it makes perfect sense to keep it for the current allegations,

Speaker 1  10:14  
which already have been processed. Yeah, we had a bit of discussion on how to go forward with that, like with a decision like that on this, to use $10 as a standard. Would that also mean that by definition, Julian has to stick to that? Or does he as a since he's the manager of the workgroup, the workgroup lead, and therefore also the workgroup? Budgets? Yeah. How does this? Who gets to decide what, let's say? Does he need to check in with Treasury guilt? Does he need to check in with a podcast meeting? Yeah, there's there's. Yeah, that's, that's what's fed into this morning's discussion on governance as well. I think it might be joining in a bit later. So I think for now, I'll park the podcast work group.

Unknown Speaker  11:06  
Yeah, that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  11:15  
Anything else on the Treasury notes meeting we had? And if not, we'll move on to the it started out as a social media. Oh, yeah. Go ahead, Felix. Sure.

Felix  11:28  
Maybe just one friend to add, we receive the funds for the singularity net cattle Swan proposal, where we allocate also the 1000 US dollars in Ada or HX. S we want per month to singularity net bounties. So this is also a topic where we maybe need to follow up and figure out how we combine the patches from both sides once from Singularity foundation and from the catalyst proposing it maybe even for this case is let's say, for example, if there is a defined, let's say, hourly rate, but there are some, let's say specific bounties, where it's maybe out of scope of the defined hourly rate, maybe that's something where we can use this bounty budgets and as well, to have some fast experimentations. If there's some more complex volunteer, we have several contributors there. And the simple activity mentioned the 2525 US dollar, USD per hour rate would be required, then we can see how we can leverage this together. And maybe nothing for right now. But something where we definitely could have a follow up there as well.

Unknown Speaker  12:35  
Thank you. Yeah, yeah, definitely.

Unknown Speaker  12:39  
Doesn't make sense.

Speaker 1  12:40  
We'll be down for I guess, on his. Yeah, I imagined this would also be a perfect topic for the Treasury guild.

Speaker 1  12:54  
Okay, then on to the social media, slash marketing. I think we settled on calling it the marketing guilt. I'm not sure why still included the social media partner on the slide. For that one as well, the recording is available right now. Not on the YouTube yet. Just the Google Drive link. Yeah, was it also as a text, text best summary done by Candela? Perhaps Candela, you could cover it up a bit?

Speaker 3  13:35  
Yep, for sure. Yeah, we decided to call it a marketing guild. And I think we're talking about a low hanging fruit would be posting all these work group videos every week, every week as a good starting point. And then we talked about potentially doing educational content, as well. Talked a lot about Twitter, and maybe the Future of Us potentially doing like Ambassador spaces, or joining other spaces and cryptocurrency and maybe even helping the broader singularity net ecosystem on spaces. We're currently looking for people that are into social media, video editing, writing, content creation. All ideas are always welcome. We're going to be meeting up on Fridays at 13 UTC. And right now with the YouTube account, we've been having troubles posting longer videos, but I think we have that figured out. And I got locked out of the Twitter account a couple of times. So I'm having some back and forth emails with Twitter right now to get that figured out. And hopefully in the future, we can expand out maybe to Reddit or other video platforms and stuff like that and Secondary Ambassador content pushed out there

Speaker 1  15:08  
thank you. That's pretty nice to see. There's another word group popping up. Starting to fill the schedule nicely, like we're missing out on Wednesdays for now. I'm done. I've got the full schedule going on let's see yeah, it was just something to notice that outside of the meetings, and that goes for all of these workgroups, a lot of things can be discussed and agreed upon. Tax based asynchronous so if you want to contribute to the conversation, please do not hesitate and simply pop in the yeah concerning gentleman and join the conversation that's it for now for the workgroups wanted to provide a small updates on the tasks added to two blog posts we put out last week on operations q3 of that, which is quite a big one. Also, pretty interesting one, I'm gonna say. And also blog post about the loyalty rewards programme. And yeah, link to do work, but they're on the translation board and in all five languages Yeah. Let's see. Yeah, well, as it says, The rewatch for October this will be sent tomorrow I was squeezing for time the last half an hour before this meeting. I wanted to get that included but will it be tomorrow and as always, very open for for doc suggestions. If you have anything in mind or to feel like I want to contribute. I don't really know how and I don't see a fitting workgroup feel free to suggest

Speaker 1  17:21  
Yeah, then I want to mention a couple of more practical points. Before mentioned like it would be nice if not to have last minute information about the holidays and it's early November but still it would be good to have a bit of clarity on that already and pretty much what was suggested on what sounded good to me was to have a break of the ambassador programme in general so pretty much all meetings for the past for the last two weeks of December. But essentially the first week of January tends to be a week where everybody's starting up after the breaks yeah to allow a bit of space there so I don't know if anybody has any thoughts on on that what for example to include the first week of January and have a total of three weeks or any thoughts sounds

Felix  18:32  
fair. Yeah. Just people to be thrunton have holiday

Tevo  18:43  
townhall in January but not yet working groups

Unknown Speaker  18:55  
refer

Unknown Speaker  18:57  
yada works for me

Speaker 1  19:03  
yeah, of course we're not if people want to have a meeting. We're not stopping workgroups from no budget for you for January. You're the meeting in the last week of December, silly here. Now of course it's yeah if people want to discuss or talk or meet up that's that's perfectly fine. But I do think it would be good to have a bit of a Yeah, that's a bit of a briefer room and enjoy friends and family Okay, yeah. So for now then would be basically no meetings last two weeks and on just have the Town Hall during the first week awesome, and then popping up Yeah, wanted to call for a bit of feedback in a way the pilot phase of the ambassador programme is closing at the end of year. Like I don't want to have a full feedback session right now, but generally speaking, it is something for the welcoming six weeks to. Yeah, basically to learn from from everybody here and experiences so far. For example, something which I do want to formally have in place by the start of next year, would be stuff like the procedures for onboarding fully formalised and clear and functional. At the same time, something I wanted to do actually right now, but find myself short for time, and I will do it retroactively is that I'm having meeting attendance tasks, including this one, but also this morning and the podcast one. So starting this week, I want to do the for that I think we discussed during Treasury like the base task points. Reward would be one spend on an hour. And I think, yeah, it makes sense to simply assign one for attending a meeting pretty much regardless of how long it took. When you have to just have speaking about the devil, there's a jumble that's popping up. Thanks a lot for that Felix.

Felix  21:35  
Usually, when it's some of the swamp folks out there, we usually keep track of all the participants on the on the meetings. Not that much. It's on the walking groups. I think Devo

Tevo  21:49  
triclocarban. I don't do. Good. You got you. How it has to be done. Works.

Speaker 1  22:03  
Oh, but did this something I would like to simply to it's like black swan was doing basically like to have it on chain to have some some proof of whatnot. Yeah, in a way proof of attendance, seeing participation showing up on the workers? Yeah, it's a great thing. We'll have to figure out, I guess over the coming weeks, whether or not to, for example, to include the gym balls for our meetings? I wouldn't mind I think it's quite cool. At the same time. Yeah, it wouldn't be hard requirements. I would prefer to have it simply included on the well, yeah, for the metadata, you do need to send some tokens of course. Yeah. Okay.

Felix  22:54  
If you want to have it on chain, yeah, that really didn't need to have to add some tokens

Tevo  23:02  
is that this last call was about Kimbo consumers. And we got now 700,000 Kmart. So we got

Unknown Speaker  23:11  
six months to share,

Tevo  23:14  
assuming great, but to actually spend it because it's gonna be rough at the January when swarm is running out of funds. And then we will see the reality how many people are going to, to participation and all of that stuff, just pretty much. But even if it fails, then we just know we have to pay it again. Kind of time to time talking. It's a bit more careful.

Speaker 1  23:48  
Yeah, that will definitely be interesting to see. But yeah, that's it. That's just one of the few things that right now we are doing sometimes, but not structurally. Yeah, I want to have that. And at the same level, I also want to structurally have a timestamping task for example for for the tunnel makes perfect sense. Maybe not for all the work group meetings, but actually those as well. I'm kind of still putting some puzzling puzzle pieces together. But yeah. Somewhere during this year, I think it should be happening that I don't know you have some kind of traceability of decision making with links to timestamps where the relevant decisions were made. Not quite sure.

Tevo  24:42  
We may start experimenting in one of the catalyst projects is decision tasks. So whenever a decision is made, put it out in a format or lever and then turning it into metal that might be some Something interesting maybe we can collaborate on? That will be very cool. Yep.

Speaker 1  25:09  
It's one part is the on chain. It being on chain. But I also want, in a way, like let somebody let's say somebody jumps by sees the ambassador programme and I don't know find out about that we're doing this $10 per hour standard thinking that they could just simply have a platform I'm not entirely sure where and how but when it could simply go back into the meetings, whether it be transcriptions by some otter.ai, or whatever, are the actual videos, or both, or? Yeah, I don't know, I don't, I haven't figured it out fully yet. But it should be relatively straightforward, since we have transcriptions and we have time stamping. And if we're done also recording, everything

Unknown Speaker  25:55  
should be doable.

Unknown Speaker  25:57  
That's a bit of a sidetrack there, but yeah, basically, I'm the guy with

Felix  26:11  
with a tie in one of the colonic projects with the NF ticket, we usually use or try to transcribe meetings. And some weeks ago, we figured out as well, that author is able to provide a short summary of the call, and to figure out themselves action items. And then we just thought we wouldn't need to pay timestamps anymore, so much for this than I would say, because this can be mostly done by an AI. And to take them just the action items and directly generate tasks out of them open for application stem. And always link back directly because each alt a transcription gets their own URL as well. And in the bounty itself, always linking back to the specific transcription, then, like this, you have quite easier and very nice screen than actually, of getting stuff done without needing to put too much resources into the transcription and all it's done. However, getting people on the script, threads, Christians has a quite nice value. Because if you have people who constantly watch the calls into transcriptions, in order to now cultivate contributors who have some really nice insights on what is going on, and they might become active, this is experienced from what we see. Because it's more they transcribe sustainable as more they understand about the project and the process. And then it's just a question of time until they really get involved and say, Wait, I don't want to do transcriptions only. Now I have made alright, I have watched already through 24 hours of your calls, and I haven't want to time.

Speaker 1  27:56  
So well, it's a bit of a balance. Makes me wonder if it's like if it can do summaries, text based than potentially it can do video based summaries. Maybe that's not readily available. But that will be cool to have. Like, especially now with more and more workgroups popping up. There's also more and more meetings to keep track of all of it becomes more and more of a commitment. So if you could have, let's say the five weekly meetings summarised in I don't know, 20 minutes video every week, that will be awesome. I'm not sure how much video will be needed actually. Like if you have to transcript then you can then do text to audio. might already. Yeah, I'm not sure. It's cooler with video. I feel but yeah.

Unknown Speaker  29:00  
All right. Tight. Yeah. And something I included on the slides as a potential discussion if time allows, and it's also kind of connected to the pilot phase closing and

Speaker 1  29:16  
what would be needed for the ambassador programme to shift to actually being adult? Because I kind of feel we're doing quite a lot of we're pretty much acting as a doll. I'm not sure if we formally are Yeah, that made me wonder like, where's the where's the grey area stop. How can we be a Dhow assuming that yeah, I don't know it, it's my would be my personal preference, which I wouldn't want to imprint on anybody. But that feels to me like a ideal to strive for, in a way. Maybe a discussion nobody's interested in if so. We don't need to this cuz there's at all. But yeah, there's just something that pops into my mind where I'm interested in what others feel like. For me,

Felix  30:15  
one thing that takes a little bit of clarification is how does one becomes a member? What are the commitments? Let's say it's a certain code of conduct or certain ethical code. What are red lines for extensions? If this royal red lines across? How does one lose his role or membership, for example? Because I think this is many people here, they are not coming for the rivets. Right? They are coming here for the course. And to give them a title and the assignment, let's say membership means a lot to some people. But I think it's not really clear for some to say, okay, am I a member here? I'm just a participant? Do I have some decision making powers? So what are those? What is the scope? What isn't the scope? What should I do? What is expected from what should be my commitment? So

Unknown Speaker  31:13  
some are on the

Speaker 1  31:24  
very, very fair market. Right now, the membership definitions are not really there. If people wonder if they have influence on decisions, yes. Just speak up. And that's it. You're there. However, I do agree that it's kind of related to formalising for example, the onboarding, the boarding or off boarding or I'm not sure how to what the alternative or the opposite is there. But the Yeah, naturally would need to be included there as well. I think could be potentially pretty straightforward. Like if somebody is inactive for X amount of time, for example, that could be a reason for no longer being considered actively being considered an ambassador. But right now, that's not defined. If you if you show up in the meetings, if you speak up on Discord, I think that's the current. Yeah, not really definition. But that's yeah, that's how it goes. So yeah, there's some some some definitions there and clarity on also on expectations and commitments. Yeah, that would be really good. I fully agree with that.

Speaker 3  32:44  
Yeah, we can hash out a mission statement and code of conduct and then as we're talking about maybe a governance work group, I think that could be a really good idea as well. is there's always some guess like any work group actually, but especially with government and governance, there's some pretty deep questions to think about and answer on how to set everything up

Unknown Speaker  33:16  
Yeah, for sure. Anybody else have some thoughts? Who hasn't spoken up yet? Perhaps won't put you on the spot? No, don't worry there but feel free to

Speaker 5  33:35  
like, like, like this question. Felix's the great thing to think about, you know, it's it is everybody in the community that's that's here and able to participate in the ambassador programme, but really defining that and laying that out and making this you know, commitment and thing you're doing you know, you're part of this, this kind of core community and establishing that is cool. I hadn't thought in those terms

Felix  34:14  
like a task on teamwork

Unknown Speaker  34:20  
Yeah, it can be it can be.

Speaker 1  34:24  
That's also I haven't properly researched like formal definitions of what does need to be in place before you can call yourself a Dow. I think the way we're doing things we will get away with calling ourselves a doubt probably. But I'm not entirely sure. It could be good to have perhaps tasks for researching into that.

Unknown Speaker  34:49  
On once again,

Tevo  34:51  
governance called centralise that decentralisation out of that.

Speaker 5  35:00  
it'd be interesting to bring Ico in. He's the legal counsel for us net, but he's part of a legal Dao that's really big and active in South America. So he's got quite a bit of experience with just pure How does appear Dow function and work. I'm not sure if they're more just professional interest or if they're, you know, I'm not sure what their activities are. But I know he's got a lot of interesting perspectives there. So we have one ecosystem resource. That's that's got expertise, not to mention. Swarm, of course.

Speaker 3  35:36  
Yeah, if there's a way to get him in on a meeting sometime I would, I would love to talk to somebody in that realm.

Felix  35:45  
Just what not swang is not at all, we are swamped. We are not at a

Unknown Speaker  35:50  
fair enough.

Speaker 1  35:53  
That does make me wonder, though, like, Are there any obstacles? Or any, like, What makes you say like, oh, do notes? We are not a doubt. The only reason because I think,

Felix  36:06  
yeah, the term of doubt, from my perspective is very much hyped, and very often thrice to promise something, what does actually not really provide them? The asset we have for the decentralised autonomous organisations, and you'll look into it and say, the fact you are decentralise what you're speaking about. So I'm quite careful with this whole Dao hype and everything, because most of the day was actually not ours. They are normal LLCs they have the legal entities behind, and actually nothing is decentralised. Pretty much everything is in the hands of some single people, which control the whole funds, which control where they go to and why they go to. And there's no public and transparent decision making processes, if not improve or change the system.

Speaker 1  36:56  
Firm, I would say on the last part, we're doing quite okay. On the first part, right now, technically, the Supervisory Council is the only source of our budget. So yeah, I don't know, they don't have like input. So I would say we're autonomous.

Felix  37:14  
My remark was really not to singularity talk to us about singularity net was about it our environment at general, because we have a bunch of contributors, who are also parts of many thoughts. And then you hear from them how it actually looks like and but like and say, Wait, the camera crew, just about the Dow general but not at all, specifically to singularity singularity. But that's awesomely well directed. And so really nice examples include Clint come in at TNC decision making across us.

Speaker 5  37:50  
It seems like somebody mentioned a minute ago mission statement, I think grondona and that there's a really powerful component there When, when, you know, the ambassador programme is getting its feed and, you know, getting its enthusiasm and creating new work groups. Right now, it's still gathering that momentum. When, when the ambassador programme itself, finds its mission statement, you know, the thing that that drives it, then, then I think that becomes a space for participants to to rally around and take over and you know, Peters not necessarily leading the meetings anymore, right? Because we've got this purpose, and we're moving forward on it, you know, and so, you know, we all become we all become equal participants, and maybe some more of the the community is driving it, organising it in a in a bigger way, because of that mission because of that bigger goal. You know, that that can be come a really important focal point.

Unknown Speaker  39:04  
I fully agree there. I'm I don't know if I'm happy to ask but at the same time.

Speaker 1  39:13  
Yeah. I don't think it's required at all that I do. Like, you notice that this meeting, most of it is like, oh, that workgroup? What's happening there? And then people chime in. So in a way, that's that's almost self hosting, I would say. Maybe not quite there yet, but surely coming.

Felix  39:35  
Absolutely. Once I think das does not exclude leadership. And from my perspective, for example, pity on us awesome leader. You do not decide what people have to do to try to motivate encourage people to do what they wanted.

Speaker 1  39:53  
So great. Appreciate it. Yeah, I think that the can be leadership and a domino problem. And also don't get me wrong I'm I'm not really trying to forcefully the become a downer to serve the hype of doubts like, yeah, it's not about that it would mostly be about to be properly decentralised and autonomous That does sound good, regardless of any Dow hype? No.

Speaker 5  40:35  
Maybe there's a possibility where we can follow swarms, awesome example and, you know, do a catalyst proposal or something somewhat deep proposal or something Somebody here might be interested in for our own funding, you know, independent of, you know, or in addition to, but also independent of the loyalty rewards, you know, something that's just completely community allocated and managed. That would be cool.

Speaker 1  41:07  
Yeah, definitely, ideally, do just on the few of you resilience, multiple income streams or sources of income make sense? Whether it's funding or not, yeah, in a way, it doesn't really matter. It can be like you're suggesting to, I don't know, it feels a bit weird with for example, with deep funding. So far, we've been kind of, I mean, there's only been one round. So so far is a small term here. But so far, we've not really been supporting internal projects, which I do feel like is in line with

Unknown Speaker  41:45  
that whole idea behind deep funding to not have fun to internal project. It's somewhat doable to argue that the ambassador programme is not really internal.

Speaker 5  41:58  
Yeah. You know, I just, I just, I had this, I just run with this, we had nefarious plans to open up a third party merch store for singularity net, and have that from the ambassador programme as well. So, and I think, I think we had the design team, they started, you know, some of the merch that we designed for the red balloon event is in a store where you know, people just they go when they pick up their design and the shirt they want, and they order it themselves, and this third party handles shipping and everything. But then the funds could go to the ambassador programme, you know, who could then run it, which would require some sort of a work group. But then ambassadors could also be creating interesting designs for that merch store as well to become an ongoing source of funding and support. So right now you're buying a snit merch, you know, coffee mug could be, you know, a psychedelic ban on it, and you're supporting, you know, you're growing the ambassador programme, which is kind of a nice, organic way to do it, too. So there's an idea for a workgroup moving forward.

Unknown Speaker  43:15  
Yeah, definitely.

Unknown Speaker  43:17  
Yeah, that's an awesome idea.

Felix  43:24  
Maybe also one update on the site. And from the, from the cutters proposal from the budget, we start to pay community leaders within the Cardona community to promote and build awareness on singularity net already. So this will take us off in time. But what happens now is that we build some massive awareness and trust apps on the Cardano community about singularity net. And what we do a lot in our ecosystem is workshops, introductions, community events, and sessions and whatnot. And maybe going also with the idea to say okay, this, for now, all our events are usually free, because they have been funded from catalyst proposal setup. Which means already exited, they're free, but they are paid. They're paid from the community, to have it as a free event for the community. So it's set on as well. What's my thoughts going to a little bit is to build this massive understand, using already the introduction, onboarding educational workshops, which we have defined already through the last one half years. It really well. It's evolved and established. And to make this maybe, it doesn't have to be a lot, but like a paid event. To say that people are key, you don't have to pay a lot. Something like $5 or 10 $10. Doesn't have to be a lot but also to say people sometimes if they take it for free, and if they take it for granted, okay? Sometimes actually, they don't add so much value through. And so as a kid, you have to pay a certain staff because we provide some really high quality, insight, expertise and experience to get you on boarded into the ecosystem. And people that maybe type it also more serious than say it, and this can then be funnelled also, to the ambassadors for example, then which organised which maintain and also those events, and to build a certain sustainability for them. Because from my perspective, the highest goal is to be able to say, an ambassador, in the best case, from my own perspective, also, how we do it with the kadamba ambassadors, is to have people, the most of the people here, they have a day job. And they have quite limited time and resources to actually really engage in the ecosystem. If you ask them, if they would be if they would be able to have they would like to live that Hmm. To go full time into Yeah, for quite massive Yes. So to really cultivate them every there's full time quarantine process and to say, hey, you can make your living by your engagement in this ecosystem, which is quite difficult with, let's say, 200 us dollar robots per month. It's a nice symbolic fund for them to somehow recognise on a certain level the engagement, but it's not there yet to really deliver them as a full time concrete tutor. And full time contributor becomes extremely important. When a personnel is able to take it dedicate a full time into the into the building of the ecosystem, you put massive expertise and experience. In this people become over time. So massively valuable. And this is your strongest asset. Because you know, those people, they have such a strong impact in the environment. And I have all the needed information, what's happening in the bear market, so everything is quiet low and everything, but we're now in a bull market, and there's huge strengths and everybody's looking IOG done. Trust the people become an extremely valuable asset. Once again, the newcomers know, okay, this is a recognised person, this is an expert, I can trust, the information I received from this person will lead me to this to the right directions. So from the swamp perspective, and how we want to support people, that's really to get them full time, as ecosystem contributes and really cultivating community experts. And ambassadors are community experts. The people they can trust. They know what they speak about in their Yeah, their mother sheds. And they don't speak they do. They will, because they are coming up with

Speaker 1  47:49  
I couldn't agree more. Yeah, that's the small side note like that would be like a best case scenario. Practically speaking, with the where we started, in a way, there's budgets. I think if you 62 and a half, 1000 tokens per month right now, if you had it's like 3000 budget a month.

Felix  48:17  
So we pay a one to one pay on your 1500 US dollars.

Speaker 1  48:24  
Yeah, so that would mean with our grand budgets internally for Ambassador programme, we're not looking at the the front 911

Unknown Speaker  48:35  
We could bet two people pretty much.

Felix  48:41  
Yeah, I'll usually start as well as like with Julian, for example. We support him since several months now. And how we usually start as small budgets on the beginning, because sometimes you have people there may be very active in one mountains. And second one's already a little less and third month you don't see them so much anymore, to to their own life and whatnot, their own priorities. They don't want to charge them for this, everybody has to decide themselves. But levelling up over time as well. So starting with five and then going to flowers and going to 1005 from them and giving them the opportunity as well to say Hey, as long as you stick around, it's more likely it gets to really difficult to go full time into but it's not a gift. It's not a gift. You have to work for it. But yes, there's the possibility

Unknown Speaker  49:38  
that's music

Speaker 5  49:41  
sorry, let me go in. I wanted to to ask a slightly different question or direction s net is getting very heavily shifting focus on to the the platform building actually on Cardona. We're finally getting over that hump. And so a lot of our projects are really shifting focus to, to they're building on Cardano as well. And we're looking to make a big push on catalyst in this next round a number of the projects are interested in, in getting in going for funding both to, you know, promote and bring awareness to the projects, build on Cardano, useful tools for Cardano and build stuff that they're planning to build anyways, I would love to bring that into the ambassador and swarm programmes and have a big collaboration there where perhaps we can have you know, these projects working alongside an S net Ambassador working alongside a swarm expert, you know, that's got the catalyst experience, how do we start building all of that together? I think the idea phase ideation has already started, you know, so we're kind of starting this this next funding round, right? How do we how do we begin to to build that together

Felix  51:02  
everything starts with the individual setting up a call, getting to know each other, figuring out where each other skill sets, other people are comfortable with each other. What we did, for example, from our path, we set up some introduction documents to our pilots. I send it over to us well, Pete was simply online already our kids joined the major communication hubs, Discord, the work, forum, whatnot, then the next step then figuring out okay, what are the main projects where we want to string people to like mine Plex on lunette singularity Dow, whatnot, all these kind of projects of the singularity net ecosystem. And then figuring out okay, who can go once and can take charge? Were fair, some people which are committed already to say, oh, okay, we have two people who can take a lot of time and commitment to build engagement around matrix for example, right? Say, Okay, how can we support our thoughts, feedback groups, whatnot, on there. And then using the tools which we have community events, the work bounties, Discord for communications? But first, maybe you're called to figure out okay, what is the priority from your site? What are the resources we have? What is in scope? For long for short and middle term? What is maybe more long term, redefine? I like to think in short, middle and long term where you can say, okay, what can we do now? What can we start to prepare? And what comes out of this? And for long term, let's say more strategic objective than that. Okay, where do we want to have this on moving?

Because I think for now, it's not also from my perspective, it's not really clear, we have this were swung, we call it a singularity and ambasador, Pioneer programme, a little bit of the three that show a little concerned because we have already the singularity net Ambassador programme. And we'll say, Okay, how do we position them already together with each other. But first, yeah, maybe setting setting up a call with the people there as well. Getting your perspective and everything, getting the perspective from them, and then facilitating any next steps of this. And we only pay and we only pay people which are full time in Kedah know already, they don't have any day jobs beside it. They are already cut on experts. They know a lot about the community infrastructure, technical layers, whatnot, we have a pretty nice set, Cetera about project management, cybersecurity, machine learning a little bit all the topics where we looked also on the WITSEC five pile on it and figured out we have a really diverse and very mixed skill sets team actually together. Like a dream team. You don't want to have only the specific skill set dominant in the working in the specific groups one making a little bit of everything. But they are all full time cut already or full time swap. So we can count very much on the

Speaker 1  54:31  
right, can't wait for that to unfold. Yeah, I'm aware you've been bugging for setting up these meetings for two weeks now. There's slowly becoming a little bit more space in my calendar. At same time, there's tonnes of projects in line. We want to take up that space, but you should definitely be able to get it arranged Since it's only Tuesday now, so either this week or alternatively next week that should be doable

Speaker 1  55:20  
turns out we're over time already. Let's see any. Julian has to get accustomed to times. Summertime stuff wintertime, looks like at least. But welcome. Thanks for joining.

Unknown Speaker  55:51  
Stopping I guess, uh, sorry,

Speaker 6  55:53  
sorry, yeah, I guess I do I apologise for that. I'm not used to these kind of things from time changes. So my bad guys basically quick update with everything. I have a video that I just posted on the channel of an update of the inside singularity net from this last week. And so that's just been posted on my channel. We're still waiting to hear back on interviews with everybody that we're supposed to hear back, I still haven't heard back from, you know, Gabriel or Diane yet, I'm hoping to this week, that was kind of the idea of what was going to happen. But I still haven't heard back. So I'm still waiting for that. But it looks like Yan may be able to do Friday. So it looks like Yan will be able to do an interview with me Friday, which I can post next week, or in the weekend or something like that. So yeah, I just wanted to have something ready for this week. And so I did this inside singularity net rundown, shorter version of everything. So that people that don't, you know, have the time to do an hour and a half, they can, you know, get the rundown in half the time. So that's posted on my channel, if you guys want to take a look, it's, you know, my YouTube channel, Julian Collins, you can find me if you type it in on YouTube. Yeah, that just got posted earlier today. Other than that, I know we've spoken about we, you know, basically, we need to figure out how we're gonna be spending the money, like, I'm kind of feeling more in line of giving more money out to smaller amounts of people so that we can really put the money in behind things and have less work done by smaller amounts of people. But it seems like that's kind of in it's not really in line with a lot of other people's thoughts. So I don't know. I mean, that's kind of where I'm at with things. I'm open to discussing it. Obviously. And I'm not saying it's the only way to do it, I know we have to talk but I don't know exactly what to do, I'm, the more I'm thinking about it, the more I'm kind of steadfast with that kind of idea is to just kind of give more money to, you know, it's going to end up being the idea would be more money period, but we have only a smaller amount of money right now for funding for the you know, for the budget. So that's going to end up being less amount of money for, you know, it's going to be the a higher hourly rate, or however you want to look at it for, you know, less people right now. Does that mean like the funding I think we looked at right now for the podcast. I don't know, it's somewhere between like, maybe 80 bucks or something like that for, for what I have to go with for like, for this whole month. So you know, it's obviously not going to go that far. If it's if we're paying people higher amounts, but that's what I really want to do. I just feel like I've always gotten paid like a lot, like not very much. And when I told myself when I when I had the ability to pay people, I was going to want to go above and beyond that. And that's I'm really feel strongly about that. So that's kind of where my head is on it. But if if you guys don't agree with that, like, that's fine. We can talk about it. And honestly, like, it's like, I don't know, like, it may come down to me just saying, you know, let's just take that funding, and we'll put it to something else. And I just won't have the funding. That's how strongly I feel about it. But I don't know, you know what I mean? Because I just don't I don't know, but maybe I'm open to talking and maybe I'll change my mind. That's just where I'm at on it. And I know we're over time. That's really I think that's that's enough for now.

Speaker 1  59:50  
Thanks a lot. I wouldn't be too worried on being completely out of line with with other people's thoughts on that. Also the a lot of people seem to disagree was to other people during yesterday's calls, I believe. But that's that's fine, I think. Yeah. Not too much to worry about a few.

Speaker 3  1:00:15  
Yeah, just happy to join were talking earlier, like allowing workgroups to have a budget, kind of like yours does and then feel free to experiment with it. And then, potentially $10 an hour is just kind of like a staple right now that people can kind of like a starting point or a launching point for tasks.

Speaker 6  1:00:36  
Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah. I mean, that sounds good to me. I mean, because like, I might be totally wrong. And I'm totally, I mean, I'm open to being wrong. And I'm new to this. So this is just kind of like my initial thoughts. Like, I'm new to a lot of this, I've never had the luxury of being able to, you know, pay people or do it anything like that. So I may be being very naive when it comes to this stuff. But, you know, at the same point, it might be nice to try out some different philosophies and see, yeah, maybe you know, maybe we meet in the middle, we find out hey, somewhere in the middle here, as a lot of times will be but yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker 1  1:01:20  
I fully agree that experimentation as to whether Yeah, that's the only way of learning so really the only way but

Unknown Speaker  1:01:32  
alright. Yeah, thanks for actually joining at the end there. So we stuck to the same UTC time but yeah, well let's see any final closing remarks or comments that need to be made or questions to be asked? Right now

Unknown Speaker  1:02:03  
all right.

Speaker 1  1:02:05  
In that case, let's wrap it up. Thanks all for joining Well, let me hop back to the sheet that I mentioned all the all the meetings happening at full screen because it's so many of them practically every day we've got you covered. Next one will be will actually be on Friday. Okay, so we haven't quite got you covered everyday yet. But it's coming soon. But it's actually did something governance this Thursday at I believe 16 UTC. Quickly triple check. 70 new to see and that's on Wednesday tomorrow so perhaps you there are see what the one of the other weird things listed on the screen. Thanks all for your time. Sarah

Unknown Speaker  1:03:11  
thanks for

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
