Deep Funding Community governance 
Thu. Apr 27, 2023

0:12 - Rafael Presa Tomorrow.

0:14 - Jan Horlings Hey, we have read A I.

0:19 - Mauro Andreoli Thank you.

0:21 - Jan Horlings Hi, Tivo.

0:21 - Rafael Presa Hey,

0:22 - Jan Horlings Hi, Stephen.

0:23 - Rafael Presa hey, Stephen.

0:28 - Jan Horlings And there we have our special guest of tonight, Grace.

0:32 - Rafael Presa That's nice. Welcome, Grace.

0:37 - Grace Rachmany Hi, everybody. Thank you.

0:39 - Jan Horlings Wonderful to have you. Let's wait a few minutes, see who else will be joining. Took the initiative to add Read AI.

0:55 - Rafael Presa Well, if it wasn't you, probably it's coming automatically with your account.

1:02 - Jan Horlings Did you say?

1:03 - Tevo Saks in ambassador program we set up and Felix took the initiative to follow through the blank what we had in process and has been in discussion for several weeks, but This week, we reinstated all the ambassador meetings in Zoom and then also implemented AI.

1:27 - Jan Horlings Cool. Let us see how that works.

1:33 - Tevo Saks But if you don't want it, you can just kick it out.

1:36 - Jan Horlings No, no, no, no. I think it's fine. I think it's great. I think I'll be recording nonetheless. I think Read AI apparently is also recording, right?

1:49 - Tevo Saks I'm still unclear is it actually a recording or it showing recording and just taking the like transcriptions?

1:57 - Jan Horlings Yeah, yeah, that might be, yeah, I'll, I'll record in any case, just to be sure. You know, I'll change my screen layout, otherwise Rhino will get mad at me again.

2:10 - Felix She read does both, it says the text to transcribe and the video form.

2:17 - Jan Horlings Okay, So Felix, do you think I should? By the way, I Uh, do you think I should, record still? Or can we rely on, now I'll just do it this time and then we can think about the next time what makes sense. Maybe there is also a difference in quality of the recording.

2:40 - Rafael Presa safe. That sorry right.

2:45 - Jan Horlings All right, we have ten people. Well, let's just give it a few more minutes before we, start recording and kick off for real. Arrange my windows here. Interesting week it was. Any of you Yes, I know a number of you, watch the, the summit, quick comments on that. Don't be shy. Hey, there's Robert.

3:40 - Felix Shell. Thats really well done. Definitely. He did a really good one.

3:48 - Jan Horlings It was very well organized by a certain person.

3:58 - Esther Galfalvi Here, you, Peter, and rap. And he.

4:06 - Rafael Presa She is modest. Yes, it was theres lead that The difference there made all the difference there. Yes.

4:20 - Jan Horlings Almost makes you want to do it more often, right?

4:24 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I think it was pretty epic because even the, the tracks had like a good narrative story that went like very well together, like it went even deeper and deeper and through like discussions and then it was, it felt like one pig workshop instead of just random sections and it of each topics. Although in the main room there was,

4:45 - Esther Galfalvi Great.

4:47 - Tevo Saks there was a bit of shift of focus, but it still was, at least overall, to me it was amazing.

4:55 - Jan Horlings No, I'm glad you noticed Steve put a lot of effort in that. All right, all right. I think I'll just start a recording and then see what, what will pop up. We can continue chatting about that, but at least, we'll have it On tape One moment, All right. Good evening, all of you twelve participants tonight. That's a nice crew, I would say. I just a couple of hours ago Fine tunes. The agenda a little bit, bit. I think would be good to have a quick summary of the things that we did in deep funding around too, with the reputational rewards and how it ended and maybe the last steps there Of course we have the topic of the governance pools so we can continue that and perhaps finalize that, yeah, related to the governance around, there's also may hopefully have noticed.

6:17 - Jan Horlings A mission, a number of missions going on on sway, where we aim to collect inputs for the new Supervisory Council. So I have to see how that fits the government round if we want to do it in parallel and just let it overlap or not. Yeah, no, we can see if we have time left, maybe we can spend a little bit more time on, on that feedback session from the governance route. So let me, let me 1st. Recounts. What happens in Deep funding round two and how we have resolved it. I think everybody here is probably aware of that.

7:03 - Jan Horlings But also for the people who are maybe watching this recorder, we recording At a later point. In Deep funding round to, we had reputation for for the 1st time in an actual deep funding round. We had a similar situation in the governance round. In the governance round, we awarded for submitting proposals in the deep funding round. The question was should we award proposals as such as an activity? We didn't actually But then there is also the question whether Sorry was distracted by by telegram here.

7:50 - Jan Horlings There was also the question if people that are submitting proposals and trying to get a grant and get awarded. If they are already sufficiently incentivized for being active and engaged on the portal, or if they should also be sharing the rewards with people who don't submit a proposal and are engaged. This was a situation that we didn't really consider in advance, so we decided at that point that it would make more sense. Reserve the war rewards for people who are engaged without further.

8:37 - Jan Horlings Purposes of themselves. Was a surprise to some people and some people were clearly very disappointed and therefore we made the decision. We turned back on that. So partly so all the calculations we did and the promises that we made to the people that were heavily engaged we held. So they will get what they were offered. All the proposals. Initially didn't get a reward are now in 2nd rounds also awarded. But we created a new Calculation for that count in everybody, so the proposals will get what they would have gotten if we don't.

9:24 - Jan Horlings That calculation the 1st time, right? The people who are not proposals get a little bit more than would normally have been the case, because when we did that calculation, we calculated it with a smaller group. That's a situation right now. When we defined the level of reward. The token price was completely different than it is today, so Both these things account for a very high reward per active person in this route. So we'll have to consider how we will treat that going forward.

10:07 - Jan Horlings But that is one of the things we can discuss in our governance rounds. Oh, the last steps. We are working on the calculation. I want to make sure this time that it's completely, as far as possible, less. I created a calculation. I want to have it checked properly. When it's checked properly, we can start doing the disbursements for the people of whom we do have a Cardano wallet, which is by far not everybody. So. I haven't discussed yet with a Sway or portal provider when they can deliver a new export, but I would ask all of you that don't have their wallets, their Cardano wallets added yet.

11:07 - Jan Horlings To sway. There is a special field in your profile. Add extra wallet or something like that, then please, please do so. Let me do one a straight thing while I'm here. I'm making you a co host, Rafel, because I'm little expected about people coming in one moment. All right, So if you if your Cardano wallet is not known to us, please add it to Sway. When we will get a new export, we will add that and then we will make the disbursement for everybody. So we'll wait a little bit before making disbursements.

12:01 - Jan Horlings For some reason you don't want, or you don't have a Cardano address or whatever, We'll keep track of your wallet and your balance, so to speak, so it's not lost. But we'll probably do that another time, in another round. You're admitting the people, Rafel, or. Okay, yeah, there's. By the way, there's also another option if you have your Ethereum to make it a little bit more complex. You have. If you have your Ethereum wallet related to your profile, you can also add your Kano wallet to our linking tool, and then we can also connect your Ethereum wallet with your Cdo wallet.

12:51 - Jan Horlings And going forward, that is probably the preferred method. If you would like to go that way, that would be great. But for now we will be flexible and the numbers aren't that big yet, so we'll just figure it out manually if you have your wallet to rise anywhere. So that was the 1st part on the rewards. Any remarks this?

13:20 - Peter Elfrink Well.

13:20 - Jan Horlings Question.

13:21 - Peter Elfrink a tiny practical thing just in order to add your Kana to your sweat profile. The way you do that is, by editing your profile and uh, there's an additional wallet details, field that would be the place to, to edit.

13:36 - Jan Horlings Thank you, Peter,

13:37 - Tevo Saks I add a tal in meeting set where you will find the F.

13:37 - Jan Horlings Yeah. Sorry,

13:46 - Tevo Saks are the two in the meeting chat where the settings be.

13:50 - Jan Horlings Okay, Cool, yeah. Great, Yeah, so we would have loved to call that field put your Cardano wallet address here or something. But uh, apparently that fields, they made it for us specifically. But it's feasible, for all their customers. So therefore the naming of the field is a little bit, generic. That's one of those things, all right. Any other questions? Remarks on this? If not, I would like to stress that. We are, and we will keep an experimental mindset on this. There might be new situations, there might be new Moments when we have to make a judgment call or make a decision on things that were not completely clear beforehand.

14:51 - Jan Horlings Because we are exploring as we go and that doesn't mean that every, every time, automatically, we will make changes to rewards or whatever. But I do hope you will join us in that journey and help us explore and experiment, and I see it as a benefit that things are not completely.

15:20 - Alex Snyder Hop.

15:20 - Jan Horlings Static yet that things are still open for change and you can be part of that change, you can also influence that change. But it's an experiment that we are in all together. And yeah, I hope for your support and your appreciation of that stage. As I, as I mentioned in the, in the summit, during the summit, for those that didn't watch that I see three stages here. The 1st stage is experimentation. The 2nd stage is consolidation. When the things we're experimenting are starting to be more and more clear and fixed and don't change that often anymore.

16:00 - Jan Horlings And then maybe ultimately there will be a governance phase where things will not change unless we have a commitment from our community or somehow some kind of approval to change it.

16:01 - Alex Snyder Hello.

16:14 - Jan Horlings But we are far from there right now. We're still heavily expert Mental phase also because we don't have the proper tooling for a lot of things. So I can tell you a lot of things that I would like to see improved, and we're working on that and that will be there in a while or in some time. But we're in haply experimental phase. Maybe in some cases we already see some consolidation. So great voting I think works fine. I think actually the pools in the 2nd version of deep funding were fine, but we'll see how we'll go forward with that.

16:56 - Jan Horlings All right. Next thing, let me think about the order here. Maybe 1st talk a little bit about the timing of the Covenant route, And to do that I 1st have to explain you about. Feedback collection for the supervisory count So maybe that's an announcement in itself I should make now we are on video and on recording. Yeah, let me, let me explain a little bit about the election of the supervisory council. The supervisor The supervisory council is important now. In my perspective, for the new entity which we now call Sync, Do will be even more important, will be very important.

18:02 - Jan Horlings I see them as an entity, a layer. If you want in between the community and the internal team they make. They will be part of the internal team, but at the same time they should also be part of the community. Therefore, we want to make sure that this election is also very much community driven. We give that, gave it some thought how we could really engage the community in this election process. In the initiation doc that we wrote for the summit, we also described what we expect from the supervisory council and there's a governance process that we envision.

18:48 - Jan Horlings Maybe it will be a little bit different as we go along, but that is our current state of thinking. There. That is just our perspective. And the supervisory council during the summit also gave their perspective. They told you a little bit about what they have been gone through and what they expect for the future. Perhaps the most important perspective is your perspective. All the people in this meeting, all the people watching and all For other people, part of our community, who might not watch this at the moment.

19:28 - Jan Horlings What I would really love to see is have your opinion on what you think the supervisory council should do, what your expect expectations are of The role they will take and maybe also the people and the capabilities and the experience etc. That they bring with them. So that will, that, that's a very interesting discussion. Maybe we can land on that a little bit later and have some ideation already in this call. So the 1st step in this whole election process is us asking you what do you want?

20:09 - Jan Horlings We are creating, we're electing a new supervisory council, what is your expectation? And for that we created these five pools. Because yeah, one thing is We would like to have your input just on their key responsibilities, but there are aspects as well. We would like to have your.

20:33 - Alex Snyder Oh yeah, he wasn't here for earlier today, but if he's around, I'll give it to him. Thank you.

20:42 - Peter Elfrink Aming.

20:47 - Tevo Saks Hello, Alex.

20:49 - Kenric Nelson Hello.

20:50 - Alex Snyder does that mean?

20:52 - Jan Horlings All right, thank you.

20:56 - Mauro Andreoli I have a question. Jan is this Council will be At 1st working in deep funding on, on in all singularity ecosystem,

21:09 - Jan Horlings No and No. It will be more than deep funding and less than all of the Singularity Net Foundation.

21:12 - Mauro Andreoli okay.

21:16 - Jan Horlings at least, my perspective is that they will take a large part in the entity because. Is the centralized arm of Singularity Net. Where we will experiment and learn how to do proper governance, and when we are sufficiently mature, there We will expand the scope of Sync Do until it will envelope the whole of the foundation. So depending on the speed, I think there will be a process of years before it will envelope the whole. Of singularity that. But eventually, yeah, that will be the scope.

22:01 - Jan Horlings So at 1st it will be more, it will not be just deep funding, it will be Ng deep funding and Supervisory Council and Ambassador program, and basically the learning process of distributed decentralized governance.

22:19 - Mauro Andreoli Okay, one thing that maybe they can do is the preapproval of the proposals that we discussed in the last government's meeting. Respecting some rules established by the Community on a previous round. That could be, a good way to, to take advantage of this Council. So they made a pre approval voting themselves, but following some rules established by the Community on a previous font. As I see it,

22:55 - Jan Horlings That's something we have put a lot of thought in already. We're also continuously exploring how we can ensure that the best proposals flow to the surface and that less high quality Proposals don't take all the attention away. So I guesss that would be the, the idea. Yeah, interesting idea. Let me tivo you had your hand up 1st.

23:24 - Tevo Saks So I'm exploring a bit of my like understanding the way I see these. Special electors or A Council members. They were more like P to B arm and like a retailer of who are financially supporting and maybe not really getting too deeply involved. And it's always like this, like this web two style of collaboration. And now where this syn come do is taking and seeing that the different energy that people can provide with the time investment kind of pull up to this level that okay, in deep funding you do this.

24:13 - Tevo Saks Li To but it's more like, I don't know, hack it like crowdsourcing and it's still trying to share that collaboration that we pull together. There, but like in a higher high level that we take more risks there at the time, but we also plan the risks ahead and like, like more planning of where we take the risks where ambassador is more like always emerging, like happening everything at the same time. As soon as something comes with idea, it can get quite quickly to the leadership roles and for the special electors.

24:49 - Tevo Saks Then I see the position not to really look at these proposals that they can see and then reflect their what they think to these other leaders and members of Sca, but they still keep this kind of the governance connections, like with the real state, like when you are in legislative branches or like different country ambassadors, like country ambassadors, not just programm ambassadors and having that front because to me they always collectors being like the highest of Phd and like that the leading figures of Who is who got here like with a purpose.

25:35 - Tevo Saks Before there was even singular in it, and that singular was created by these people coming together. But maybe I'm wrong because maybe this, I haven't really followed the Council and now, yeah, where it's exploring or going forward is to stay that role, that, that kind of connection with the rest of the world in some sense, where Everybody else is more like capturing the different kind of energy and not like this transactional.

26:11 - Jan Horlings Yeah, that's a lot. What you were mentioning there, the, the few things take away is that the ambassador and deep funding, there's a difference there, already in, in governance. So it will be interesting to take best of both and see how we can have an umbrella governance there. If you look at the supervisory council, how it was originally intended or positioned, it was indeed. Guide the ethical complex of Singularity Net. There was one thing, and the other thing was. The link between the community and and Singularity Net.

26:57 - Jan Horlings So indeed, a little bit of a wider perspective there The way I see it. I see them having an important role in the governance of Cincom Doo. And also in the next three to six months, I see them having an important role in the creation of Sync Do and the definition of what it should and should not be and that will. So we're starting little bit smaller, but then it will get bigger and bigger and bigger, Grace Welcome for yeah, I'm very glad to have you here. For those that don't know Grace, Grace was uh, presenter in our summit last Friday, so I'm very happy to be able to.

27:51 - Jan Horlings Welcome you here as well, Grace? Or did she now.

28:00 - Grace Rachmany sorry,

28:01 - Jan Horlings Here,

28:01 - Grace Rachmany I pressed the wrong button.

28:01 - Jan Horlings there, okay, yeah, I didn't see you any, but I, I wasn't sure if you were still there.

28:04 - Grace Rachmany yeah, no, I'm here. Yeah. I, yeah, it's really good to meet everybody and um, I wanted to like also relate to. I think John is on target here with the idea of the council. When I looked at the council, I would be very careful about, like Morrow was saying that they should screen the proposals. And I think that I would be very careful about creating a censorship committee, especially, you know, one that's going to be the same one for a period of time. But I think that what's really useful about what you said and what about what Jon was saying is that I would see the Council as a place where you would go saying we're missing a mechanism for screening and prioritizing it, what mechanisms might you suggest?

28:48 - Grace Rachmany And so I, I see the Co, like the Council probably is something that could come up with, you know, like ideations, best practices and, you know, more of a, of a advisory and research. Body and and I think there is You know, I think one of the things that's missing from a lot of Dow is an oversight committee and I don't know how that would look. It might be a little earlier for that, but there's something about, you know. If there's corruption in the system, somebody should be able to speak up about it and so that body might be able to do that.

29:26 - Grace Rachmany Probably not necessary in the 1st year or two, but those are the kinds of things that I think that type of committee might organize.

29:36 - Jan Horlings Yeah, I think that's spot on from my perspective, that the supervisory council would mediate and would be a sounding board both for both ways for the community and for the internal team. Advising and helping to explore how we would do things, but not necessarily meaning that they would do all of that by themselves and Yeah, I don't want to jump immediately on all the suggestions that are made and, and diving into discussions. I do have opinions on most things, but actually that's also part of the problem if, if I could call it that, because if you look at the status of deep funding right now, a very large part of that has been cooked up by me.

30:29 - Jan Horlings I'm trying so, so deep funding is community driven, a hundred percent where it is. The Community, the defining which proposal should be awarded or not. I don't even vote for that, at least I haven't until now. But the governance is still early days and that will take time. Make that completely. Community governed, but it is a goal to get there and the supervisory council can have a very important in reaching that goal and guiding us all towards that goal in a proper way. And I'm talking now about deep funding, but the same might be applied to the Ambassador program, and maybe we will also find along the way some other things that we might also embed in the Syn.

31:29 - Jan Horlings Come, now, let me finish my story about the steps that we're going through and then we can discuss what we will or what's the best use of our time during the rest of this, this meeting. So the 1st step is collecting feedback from all of you. Mao I'm counting on seeing your idea on Sway in a little while. The 2nd step is that we will, based on, on that information and the other information we already have, will create a kind of a document. Or actually there's a 1st step, we will discuss all that feedback.

32:12 - Jan Horlings So people who have created feedback and want to present it and want to defend it, we'll have a session like this one. Where people at least have the opportunity to discuss and present the ideas they just put forward in in text. Then we will synthesize that into a kind of requirements document. Then, if there are really. There really strong arguments against some things and this requirement document will give those people a voice to voice them and then After that, the, the candidates for the new supervisory council can submit their profile and their proposal and present themselves to the Community in a similar way as we are doing with the deep funding proposals, and then you can have already a discussion and talk.

33:09 - Jan Horlings About them and then of course, unavoidable. We will have an election and then we'll have supervisory council be able to guide us and help us in this interesting process of creating the new sync. Do and maybe help us think of a better name. Any questions about that process at this moment, or remarks or suggestions. Right then I will ask the question. We can now continue to talk about supervisory council and feedback, etc. Or we can go back to the topic of last week preparing for the deep funding governance route.

34:04 - Jan Horlings So the deep funding governance route is about collecting, also collecting feedback and insights from you about what we should do different in the next round. So there's a difference in scope there. We will elect the supervisory council for a certain period. Actually, that is also still open for debates, but it might be a year or two years. I don't know, but we will elect the governance round, the deep governance round. If targeted That's on 1st and foremost, the next round, not for all eternity.

34:42 - Jan Horlings And after the next round we will evaluate. The first question I would like to ask you and that will help us in deciding where to put our attention for the rest of the call um I am not one hundred percent sure If we should start the new governance rout after we have completed this feedback collection of the supervisory council. If we should allow to do that. In an overlapping sense. One downside of doing it overlapping is that we only have one area in sway and there's no hierarchy there unfortunately.

35:26 - Jan Horlings So we have now these five pools for supervisory council, council election. And if we would start now the governance round and have a number of pools, they would be stacked upon that and we You can give them a different image and a different title. So there are some visual differentiation, but it will still be a little bit It might be a little bit confusing for some. On the other hand, if we wait, let's say two weeks until we are finished with that feedback collection because our, we aim to do that in two weeks.

36:03 - Jan Horlings I think if people have two weeks of time of give their feedback, then probably there won't be too many new insights in the 3rd and the 4th week, although there might be some discussion. So we're aiming for two weeks because we want to make progress there as well. So we could wait two weeks for the governance round, but that means that the governance round is pushed back a little bit and therefore also the Dee funding rounds might be pushed back a little bit, so that's the consequence.

36:30 - Jan Horlings So yeah, looking forward to your opinion, Wait, do the supervisory council election 1st and then do the governance round. Always have one clear sheet on Sway or Proposal portal or just continue and then maybe wait a couple of days and then start with the governance, right? Tfo.

36:56 - Tevo Saks one thing can I share screen and on that by myself. I'm fine living in complexity and care so to be if it's added on top, it doesn't really impact on me. But two weeks it's like a very small time. Also like why not just have a great out lines of discussions and making it very clear what we're going to get into? And then in 3rd week we just clean up the board and creat a new stuff and already have a good proposal structure, and we even know what we put into that.

37:39 - Jan Horlings Thank you. Kenrick seems to think differently, doing one one at a time, I read. What we could do.

37:53 - Kenric Nelson Yeah, I could say a little more.

37:55 - Jan Horlings Oh, please go. Hi, Kenrick.

37:58 - Kenric Nelson I think it's good to be focused and one thing. I'm, I, I tried to be pretty active with different things, with Singularity Net, but I wasn't aware that that. Council had opened up and that you are now looking for candidates. It's still, you know, it's hard to communicate these things to the broad community and it's hard for members of the community to stay on top of what's happening. I think that I think you've opened up. You know this. Call for council members There's a need to kind of focus on the communication and make sure the community is broadly aware both of either uh, applying or voting for candidates and, and make sure that goes well.

38:52 - Jan Horlings Yeah, Peter, maybe you can react on that from a marketing perspective.

38:58 - Peter Elfrink Well, as you can see, on the part of the current amount of uh, proposals, the block is uh, online for about. Twenty four hours I believe and there's no proposals yet so Uh, yeah, in a way it might be a bit high bar to submit a proposal as the very 1st proposal on a pool because you know, it's easier to, to interact with existing content than to put new content on there. Maybe we should put some example proposals on there. Yeah, so yeah, I do know it's um. It's in a way it separate things, at the same time it's, it's quite overlapping as well.

39:46 - Peter Elfrink So I, I think on the, on the yearly scheme of deep funding, two weeks isn't the end of the world. If it's, if it brings more engagement, I would say. Best to keep it separate that that's my personal opinion on the marketing perspective.

40:05 - Jan Horlings The thing is that right now our marketing agenda is completely stuffed, at least it was for the last couple of weeks. I don't know exactly what's in store for the next couple of weeks, but there was so much to communicate on and even the Summit was hard to get in there properly. So I'm glad that at least I saw a lot of familiar faces from here and Summit. But yeah, yeah, getting attention is always, always a thing and, and especially for this, the supervisory council, I would like to have more people engaged than, let's say, the usual.

40:40 - Jan Horlings Suspects. So the more people from the community that will give their feedback and inputs, the better it is for me. And that's maybe not always the case with every small decision that we make on governance etc. But for this specific thing, yeah, I would like to seee as many people as possible participated Um, you still want to share your screen Tf.

41:09 - Tevo Saks Now the depends. I we could take a theater into this. Te funding platform where the Fie pools up. And I was wondering right now we are just setting the game rules if its pools or this is also being meant to use to already elect somebody, let people propose themselves as.

41:34 - Jan Horlings good question. Apparently we didn't make that sufficiently clear. So this is just It's a bit, little bit annoying that we can't have a text, above all of this, presenting what it is about. We did that in the blog, but this is Getting your feedback, What do you think the responsibility should be of the supervisory council? What do you think for how long should we be electing them? Should it be just for the seats? Income thu face? Should it be for a longer period, for a year or two years?

42:17 - Jan Horlings We even.

42:18 - Tevo Saks Can we make up questions based on the expectation this is rational stuff or we it's scoped only to what is written here?

42:27 - Jan Horlings What I expect in this, in this mission or this pool for proposals, is Teo saying I think we should elect these people for a year and then somebody else saying, well, maybe we should have a rolling thing or whatever, or maybe we should. I would like to have a discussion here. It's not even about the number of proposals, it could be just one proposal, but I would like to see then a discussion happening.

42:58 - Rafael Presa Yes.

43:00 - Jan Horlings So maybe Peter, especially in this case, it might be a good idea to start with a sample proposal and we'll just make a random proposal and see if people react to that. That could be, could be. Maybe that might help.

43:19 - Rafael Presa Chivo Could you please uh, get any of these? Post Oh can you share again please?

43:29 - Tevo Saks All right. I thought you was very sad to say about remove yourself.

43:31 - Rafael Presa Yeah, sorry, sorry. Well choose one. Cho Choose one of the pools please, okay and go to create new proposal at the bottom. Yeah, so here are the real questions that we, then you can just give me a So as you can see, you can go there and what's a pressuring topic to be discussed. So there you are going to find the directions, for your proposal.

44:04 - Tevo Saks but I can add my own thoughts to.

44:04 - Rafael Presa each each pool of that sorry.

44:11 - Tevo Saks Feel free to bring the edition. It's much clearer now, but we don't see these questions beforehand, right?

44:22 - Rafael Presa Yeah, it's a good point. I can copy and paste at the body of the what I have to say. The the design to put there, it starts to go overlapping one and they don't have much of space and ways of,

44:37 - Tevo Saks Okay.

44:39 - Rafael Presa configuring. But yeah, I can, I can work on that in order to.

44:45 - Jan Horlings Please be aware that in contrast of deep funding, where we, where we actually want to be very strict and, and clear about what things we want to know. This is just free form, right? If you just want to write it, write it in a different way or record a video about it or whatever, that's, that's all fine. We're just interested in your input and in the discussion that will start around that.

45:18 - Tevo Saks Creat more clear enough, thank you.

45:20 - Jan Horlings I think I know that there are 17 people in the room. If I also include read AI, that is. Not sure if it's a person. Maybe last time we had a poll as a communication tool, right? Not as a decision tool, but Just to cg the temperature in the room, to have a feeling whether the, whether there's a clear majority one way or another and to, to hear people out. Do you think it would be an idea to have a ball on this particular topic, I mean? Think it's rather clear decision. Wait two weeks until we have the governance round or start it while the election round is still working.

46:14 - Jan Horlings I think you prepared something for that. Rafel. You muted.

46:23 - Rafael Presa Could you repeat please? I was taking a look at the chat.

46:28 - Jan Horlings Prepared a pall, I think, for the on whether we should start it,

46:30 - Rafael Presa Oh yeah.

46:33 - Jan Horlings start the governance round after the election query or during.

46:39 - Rafael Presa Yes, and

46:41 - Grace Rachmany I have a question, before we vote on the poll, what is the usual behavior of the community, towards this, towards this way. Is it normal for people to like come in once every month and just, you know, comment on everything? Is it normal for them to check everyday? Because I think that would impact whether you would want it overlapping. Like if people come in like every couple of weeks, then overlapping would be good because they'd come in, deal with everything and not come back. But if people come at least once a week, then maybe you don't want to overlap.

47:20 - Grace Rachmany And since I don't know the behavior of the community, it's hard to tell. So do you guys have an indication of how the community behaves in that regard?

47:34 - Jan Horlings Well, it depends on the use case. So for the funding, what we usually see in the case of submitting proposals is that the last It doesn't matter how long it stays open, the last couple of days of around there's always a huge surge of submissions. That's one observation. For the rest, I think what you see is a is a relatively low amount of heavy users, people that are really engaged and, and commenting on a lot of things. And people. I think overall. Engagement in number of people is not that overwhelming.

48:18 - Jan Horlings So.

48:21 - Grace Rachmany To me, that would be an indicator to have them overlap because if people are gonna come in because of the funding round, then you're gonna get them, you know, you're gonna catch them and get their input on this as well. So that might be an indicator in that direction.

48:36 - Jan Horlings I didn't think of it that way, but that's an interesting point. Yeah, he off, What do you think?

48:46 - headelf from the question in the poll, in the way you've, discussed it. Are setting a date in two weeks for the Uh Council election. Is that my understanding.

49:01 - Peter Elfrink Well,

49:02 - Jan Horlings I think that.

49:02 - Peter Elfrink it's not a direct yes, right,

49:05 - headelf Okay, so that's indirect, Yes, so.

49:07 - Peter Elfrink The I don't think.

49:08 - Jan Horlings Let me, let me, let me make sure that I understand your question right. What I'm saying is that the election, the feedback collection. The election process. We are targeting to have that two weeks So after two weeks the current missions are should close and then we will wind up the conclusions. Maybe before that have another meeting on it.

49:41 - headelf Okay, but and you're saying that'll push things. Back two weeks, but none of the definitions of what the councils or what the community wants the council's responsibility to be Um, there's been no solicitation, right? I think you said earlier that you want the Community to discuss what the responsibilities for the new Council would be. If I heard that correctly.

50:09 - Jan Horlings no that that is part of

50:10 - headelf that's one of That's one of the definitions. There's been talk in the ambassador cadre about soliciting some high profile individuals to stand for the Council. To invitee people in that are either nationally known or have, you know, better pedigrees than than this mutt here, um and other people. But none of that's occurred yet, so is two weeks going to be enough?

50:40 - Jan Horlings Well, this is just,

50:41 - headelf Settle them.

50:42 - Jan Horlings this is just us asking you. What are your expectations of the new supervisory council and after that? Well, I would like to move, move rather fast, but after that there is time there, there's an undetermined time. Having submissions of people and then having discussions with these people.

51:09 - headelf That's what I thought and the 2nd part of what I'm thinking or what I'm trying to bring across is. Deep funding really has nothing to do per se with the council election and everything else. They're independent.

51:30 - Jan Horlings Yes.

51:31 - headelf is the way I see to totally.

51:34 - Jan Horlings to do is, is a wide thing because the, the Supervisory Advisory Council will will be able to put its mark also on deep funding. So in that sense There is a relationship, but the election itself, the only relation there is that we are using the same portal because that's the thing that we have.

51:57 - headelf Limitation of tooling Okay, okay,

52:01 - Jan Horlings They're all limited in the numbers of ways.

52:02 - headelf understood. Yeah, I, I don't. Other than the limitation of tooling, I don't see the purpose of delaying one for the other. That that's, I think, what I'm trying to get across if it is a sway limitation. Then perhaps you you have to delay.

52:23 - Stephen Whitenstall But is the delay, to generate interest That seems to be, is that the question? Young So. We have them as discreet events in order to build up the momentum is not the idea.

52:38 - Jan Horlings I'm not sure if I can. Can you repeat your question? I want to make sure that I understand it correctly.

52:43 - Stephen Whitenstall do we have them as separate events, like we delay one for the other in order so that People can focus on one thing at a time and there's,

52:47 - Jan Horlings Yes.

52:54 - Stephen Whitenstall we can generate interest on that and also, from a marketing perspective, have them separate from each other.

53:01 - Jan Horlings Yes, that would be idea. Just to be completely clear here, I don't have a clear preference myself here. I'm not trying to steer this discussion in any particular direction, I'm trying to get input, but that would be the idea. Yeah, I seee a risk. People already get confused with these five booths we have here. And even for you, it wasn't immediately clear. Now suppose that the 1st time you get into this portal, you don't see only these five, but you also see three or four or whatever pools related to our governance route.

53:41 - Jan Horlings Understand the difference is and what the they are supposed to do. I think that is my main concern here.

53:51 - Peter Elfrink But just to um. Reflect the sentiment of Cronan in chat, on the other side, the overlap could also be good, as drawing people in, interested in one of them could also get them to interact with the other one. So yeah, I mean t to argue against that in itself, the confusion, yeah. That part is tricky, We could play with colors or like big, fat, capital words and stuff like that, but that's all we have. Like there's no structural elements in the, in the page where we can easily make it,

54:29 - Jan Horlings No, I think you, you summarized it very nicely.

54:31 - Peter Elfrink make, make that difference.

54:31 - Jan Horlings I'm not even sure if we still need to pall, because I think this is already. We have two very clear arguments here and against, and there's something to be said for both. Yeah, so. Doing it together will be maybe easier on the people, they don't have to come twice. I can imagine there's some fatigue at some point doing stuff like this, so if you can have all at the same time, yeah, maybe that that's easier, maybe that will lower the threshold. On the hand, yeah, doing more things at the same time might be confusing.

55:15 - Rafael Presa Yeah, getting ten missions, for instance, to do at once might be well, overwhelming. And then the person starts with all the good intentions, governance, governance. And then at the 3rd, 4th, oh I, I can't do it anymore. And then the, the supervisory election will be Well.

55:44 - Jan Horlings well, so the reason why I'm asking this question 1st before starting talking about pools, if there would be a unanimous vote or idea that we should wait with the governance round Until we have done the election, then we know that we would have known that we had a little bit more time that wasn't that pressing to make all the decisions there, and we could have focused a little bit more on the election right now, but this is not clear to me right now. I'm watching the the the chats right now.

56:35 - Jan Horlings Yeah, I think we can make a video any, in any case, maybe I should. I'm going a few days off to be honest, but um, maybe Rafel can make a ten or 15 minute video that we can already put out there, maybe that that would help or just a couple of minutes would be, would be sufficient. Um not putting you on the spot, I hope, Rap.

57:02 - Rafael Presa No, not a problem, just Franch, just. Reading too, to get the idea.

57:10 - Peter Elfrink Well then, since we're discussing yet anyway, we were also thinking to have next week potentially a community call. So not only what Cran suggested us. A portion of the Ambassador. The tunnel can definitely allocate, like suggested, 15 min or or perhaps even a whole hour block During the Ambassador Tunnel, but also on the day after that, on the Wednesday, we were thinking to do, just a dedicated community call, not not by definition from Ambassador program or deep funding side, but just Singularity net.

57:44 - Jan Horlings would be great. Yeah, yeah.

57:47 - Felix Maybe one thing was this, this actually something what worked pretty well in Catalyst. When it cames to, let's say, challenge proposal, it was in Catalyst. There were usually whole teams behind ideating and drafting these proposals, even if they were not monetized. There were usually groups coming together and drafting, let's say in this regard, poor proposals or questions or answers to specific things and walked A bunch of work groups actually around this is something maybe what could work here too.

58:20 - Peter Elfrink Its initial reaction to that, mentally at least, would be odd. It's to take a lot of time, but yeah, that doesn't necessarily have to be. T I guess.

58:28 - Felix Not for you as its community, we self organizers.

58:34 - Peter Elfrink Not sure, I just mean like to, to get it. Well, yeah, I'm not sure what's best, but in practice you could just have a session swap ideation session.

58:53 - Tevo Saks That's what I actually thought is like each at a session for each pool. So we come together, okay, let's discuss voting and the, the brains storm in 5 min. And then we basically talk about this weight, some voting weights, and then we can go off with an understanding of where we all are. Like with these topics and the in write proposals, maybe the end of the call, like okay, I do this part of proposal, somebody else does another part of proposal. Although just doing it is now a less sexier compared to what Ambassadress offering like these incentives.

59:34 - Tevo Saks But maybe we can like play to somewhere together.

59:45 - Jan Horlings Yeah, I think the discussion is most valuable here. So it doesn't really matter that much what a proposal is saying, it's just as valuable what the discussion following the repos the proposal will do because we are not voting on any of these proposals, right? It's just gathering feedback. And yeah, the feedback to a proposal is just as valuable as the proposal itself. But on the other hand, there's also an opportunity with multiple people, if you are collecting feedback, to already update the proposal and use inline comments etc.

1:00:19 - Jan Horlings To try and visualize the voice of the majority of the, of the community that would be, I think, the ideal a scenario.

1:00:29 - Tevo Saks few technical questions. Is this related to reputation building tool? If not, then I would actually suggest jump into Kit Hub and do all of that there because then is like playing around with Lens or like a different document. Even the David Orman shared this kind of info and forgot the name. But like a tool where you can copy in documents and find the network relations.

1:01:01 - Jan Horlings We were not trying to harvest reputation scores here. We don't want to make it even more complicated. We might do that on the on the governance round. But actually thinking about that, yeah, I think we can differentiate that. Yeah, that would be.

1:01:19 - Stephen Whitenstall I think some kind of workshop would be very helpful and also if there was like some interaction with Dis Way platform as well so that like you did like a workshop, you had an activity and then you had some use of this way that could also then be put out educational material as well on the Youtube and promote it in that way.

1:01:42 - Felix don what you said. Steve I read that I think also the pools and the whole governance round the most. Maybe one of the most valuable things we can get out of it is educating the community on governance topics, so including them as much as possible in the whole process and making sure their knowledge on how the process works will increase over time. And we hope to see them back in governance round three and four and five and six and around ten we will end up maybe with a small but very highly qualified group of people where we know, oh, they actually know bunch of shit, but only because they have been already very close and engaged to the whole thing since the beginning.

1:02:21 - Felix I think there's something what could maybe be a little bit improved regard to the last governance funding round, maybe trying to Spark Trigger community a little bit more to go in action than to mobilize in a more organized way. They could see a cool. They really start to figure stuff out how they actually to app Those was these topics.

1:02:47 - Jan Horlings Triggering communities would be very interesting. I want to make sure, also in reaction to Tivo on the chat, why we will be using Sway is because I don't think it should be. Whoever is in the workshop will be deciding. What will be the requirements for the new supervisory Council? Everybody should be able to chip in in that discussion. So also, if you don't want to be in a workshop or don't have time to be in a workshop, Sway would still be and and I'm not married to Sway in this case. I mean, we can have another tool that Don don't mind, but as long as.

1:03:27 - Jan Horlings Everybody can chip in and give their feedback. Don't feel comfortable being in sessions like this one.

1:03:40 - Esther Galfalvi I was thinking the other day and we raised this in the meeting, that the it might be quite helpful to start the discussion in Discord as well, so that there is no kind of threshold to joining. Like nobody feels like they or they don't really know how to use the Sway platform, so they're just not going to engage. If they're already on Discord, then it's really easy for them to just click into the other channel. So if we promote that as well, then it might really help just to generate ideas and then hopefully then you'll get some throughput into the Sway platform as well.

1:04:13 - Jan Horlings Yeah, by all means. Sway is just a means of collecting, but it's a discussion that is most important and the medium for that discussion, as long as we can see it and can get a sense of the temperature and of course. Having it a little bit more structured makes it easier to ensure that all voices get heard and not just the loudest ones, but Yeah, by all means. I think if we can trigger that discussion on discord or on telegram, that that's great. Going back to the pools for the governor, right?

1:04:50 - Jan Horlings So. Kenrick. I would would be interested to hear why you have why you're saying you're taking back your suggestion to do it one after the other, Is there were you convinced by the arguments of other people, or is there another reason?

1:05:06 - Kenric Nelson Exactly, I thought so. As I said, I, I wasn't very clear on um. What you were looking for, so I thought that you were already at the stage of appointing people to the Council and voting on who would be in the Council, and that seemed like a big deal, whereas now I understand the context better, that you're actually looking for the Community to provide input on policies of the Council. That seems like it's a harder thing to get people engaged in Um, if they're coming to the Sway site to participate in the governance round and as part of that they also add some input on the design of the council, it seems like that will help you get input.

1:06:03 - Jan Horlings All right.

1:06:05 - Kenric Nelson yeah, so that's why I, I, I changed my mind on that issue.

1:06:09 - Jan Horlings Chau For that. I always respect when people change their minds, based on good arguments, so thank you.

1:06:17 - Kenric Nelson Yep.

1:06:20 - Jan Horlings yeah, right. And then that's just, unless anybody has any new insights that might sway us all. Then Le let's. Figure that we do this overlapping by. By the way, you made a very interesting point that I didn't really give enough consideration as yett. Kenrick. If we do, the actual election then I think you're right that at that point that is important. We should have all the focus on the election, meaning that if we are using sway for the election, then it will be. Will be undesirable to have a deep funding round open at the same point.

1:07:09 - Jan Horlings So at that point we might still have some kind of conflict. There.

1:07:14 - Kenric Nelson Exactly, that could very well be, you'll have to, I mean, you'll obviously have to discuss it once you get ready for it, but probably, the actual election of people is important enough that it's its own item.

1:07:31 - Grace Rachmany I'm not totally sure about that because when I,

1:07:32 - Jan Horlings I agree.

1:07:36 - Grace Rachmany you know, like if you think about elections, you know, government elections, they're like, oh, here's the five referendums and the four Senate seats and the three whatever, you know, like they're all at the same time. So I'm not sure what's right. I'm just saying there's weird, you know,

1:07:52 - Kenric Nelson Exactly.

1:07:52 - Grace Rachmany there's weird about running it all together either,

1:07:52 - Kenric Nelson could be too.

1:07:55 - Grace Rachmany you know, like reduces fatigue.

1:07:56 - Kenric Nelson All right.

1:07:57 - Grace Rachmany So I don't, I don't have a strong opinion either way. I'm just saying like I don't, yeah, I don't have a strong opinion, could go either

1:08:05 - Jan Horlings Well, actually we do have, and how do you call that? And we had this situation before. In the last round, where we actually did exactly this grace, not premeditated, was like a pragmatic decision. There was one question on governance, on loyalty rewards, how to go forward with a thing we call loyalty rewards. Pool, and it was completely separated from deep funding But at some point we noticed that, well, I think one of them was delayed and there was, was another issue with the voting portal, so it was closer together.

1:08:45 - Jan Horlings So at some point we thought, well, we better do it on exactly the same moment. So actually, yeah, we did it before and, and yeah, I didn't see too many problems there. It might actually have given us extra eyes and because people came to the port of for some reason and then started doing something else. So I'm already getting swayed, in my opinion here again, so that, that, that's great, that's great. Let's give it some more thoughts and, and then see how we will go forward there, for now let's say that we, well, we officially only 20 min.

1:09:30 - Jan Horlings Which is very short. Do you think we can make reach a decision on preparing the governance around what pools we want to have in there. So last time we made sort of a decision that we'll have two sections there. We have ideas coming from inside out. So if me or Peter or whatever have a very clear idea, we need to have an answer on this from the Community and we want to make sure that this is put up to a vote, We will have a space for that and we have another space where it's completely open for the Community.

1:10:09 - Jan Horlings Everybody can put their ideas about what we should do different in pool three in defending around three compared to deep funding round two. And the question we have there is will there just be one pool? Outside in ideas, or will we differentiate The reason for differentiating is that If you label something, if you make a box for something, then there's a higher chance that people actually start thinking and putting something in there. We saw that between deep funding round one and round two, when we made things very specific, we also got proposals.

1:10:55 - Jan Horlings In one round one everybody could send a marketing proposal. I tried to make this very clear. We got non. In pool two we had a specific Or, in round two we had a specific pool for marketing proposals and I think we got ten or 15 or so. So a pool can be a tool in steering people towards certain outcomes if you want to, or certain activities. Let's put it like that, maybe not outcomes. Yet Another perspective here is that you could Well, we have now these election pools there. May We should keep it simple for the governance round and just have two pools and not confuse people by having five pools.

1:11:44 - Jan Horlings But I don't know. You tell me I'll I'll shut up for a moment.

1:11:56 - Grace Rachmany The thing that is so fascinating is how much of this does matter in the participation rate and like, and you just don't think about it. And it's these tiny little mechanisms, but I don't have an opinion on this one, but it's just like, wow, you know, the actual people who show up for a vote are influenced by how you do all these things and Wow, you know, I never thought about that so deeply.

1:12:21 - Jan Horlings Yeah, that's why we do have, if you read our blogs, there are some analysis on each round where we look at the voting and look at the, the dynamics etc. This is also a part of that. Yeah, yeah, so this is all part of experiment.

1:12:35 - Rafael Presa Sure.

1:12:37 - Jan Horlings We don't, we shouldn't try to be perfect here, right? So. But we have to start somewhere, Mao.

1:12:47 - Mauro Andreoli I think that multiple tools could coordinate all our efforts and established more precisely rules, and in the future, we can establish pool based on necessities of the community as we say on one governance call about priorities for the community. So having different pools will always allow to the people. See what are the priorities for this team, for this community, for singularity, and for the marketplace. So I'm always. Favor have multiple tools with specific details, specific rules about what they can do, so every each proposal can know what they can provide to the ecosystem and start writing their proposal.

1:13:48 - Mauro Andreoli Clear rules with a specific goal. And that's my point of view, that's my opinion.

1:13:56 - Jan Horlings That's clear. Do you also have an idea? You also have a preference already for which pool you would like to see?

1:14:10 - Mauro Andreoli I, I, I'm surprised what happened with the ation phase, proposals in the last round, but I really like that pool and even proposals I see really interesting. I'm not have referrals, but this is how I can see I prefer multiple pools with a specific. Specific things to do and we can discuss here what we can do but as I see a marketing one a one for new projects an existing services one was really cool why I say this because in Pro catalysts always happen that a brand or or a company promotes multiple proposals to encourage different projects and are indeed 2nd phase of one founded project, so this opportunity to continue development features things to one specific service I see it's really really cool for example if I yeah.

1:15:28 - Jan Horlings Can I make comments 1st of all about the I? Pool Uh, do you know the story there? So the story is also for Grace here. There was one huge whale participating. We already reduce the impact of that w I think by applying quadratic voting. But it still has some impact, I think. Overall, the voting behavior of that will was quite nuanced. It wasn't off the scale and completely there were. I don't think it impacted much, if at all, but it impacted one thing, and it impacted the fact that.

1:16:15 - Jan Horlings Proposals in the ideation pool were below the threshold of six point five so we're not awarded without that w there was only one proposal being awarded and without that w I think there would have been five proposals awarded so that is the story behind the ideation pool. The other point here, Margo, I'm not sure that if I make myself completely clear here, if I'm talking about pools and this is really confusing. Now I'm talking about, we have pools for the deep funding rounds, we will have pools in the new deep funding rounds, but should we also distribute the ideation in the governance round over different pools.

1:16:59 - Jan Horlings So should we have one pool on awards or incentives? And should we have one pool on the quality of proposals. I don't know. Should we have one pool on trying ideas on how to counter gaming systems like this. This whale may be did So the question is now about should we have pools in the governance round itself, and then we could have to make it complex. A about Bs, but that's a lot of thing.

1:17:37 - Mauro Andreoli Thanks, for the explanation is now more clear and my My opinion is pretty the same in the last round when I go to the governance pool was pretty messy. I see a lot of proposal with great titles, but I can't see the real essence of each proposal. I commented and I read it all, but it was really messy one. I want to see every single thing or every single aspect of each proposal. So again, I think that different pools will promote this organization of every Prop proponent. So I'm, you know, in favor.

1:18:23 - Mauro Andreoli I like what you say about discussing their rewards with what happened with, Propo. Proposals and the quality of the proposal will be great. Pools responding to the necessities of the Community and what we are talking here in the in the governance calls. So,

1:18:44 - Jan Horlings All right.

1:18:45 - Mauro Andreoli as I see, it will coordinate a lot the efforts of every single user of the Si.

1:18:53 - Jan Horlings All right, thank you. Is there anybody that would like to make a case for just having one pool? Don't be shy. Speak of now or now I won't make that yoke um All right, and the question is which pools? So I would propose that we would have at least one white label pool for anybody that has a crazy idea that we don't think about, just like we have in the election part. You can put anything there I think I'm not one hundred percent sure here but I think it might also be a good tradition to have one pool evaluating the decisions from the last governance round So in the last governance round, we decided that we would have two new pools on the deep funding round, being one for new services or no sorry one for existing services.

1:20:06 - Jan Horlings The ideation was also proposed by the community. So I think we should have one pool which allows people to give feedback on that and Based on that, we can determine whether we want to continue doing that or maybe stop doing that or give it one more try. Whatever. You agree on that, I would say those are. Two pools and then the question is what, what other pools do we have? Do you have a Rafel, maybe a list,

1:20:41 - Rafael Presa Yep,

1:20:42 - Jan Horlings things that we discussed before so we can.

1:20:44 - Rafael Presa would be interesting. I can, I can drop the poll here. A quick explanation. It's in the chat. If you want to have only one generic. For the outside inside proposals from the community. You only click the 1st option, right? If you want to have multiple pools to propose and remembering, it's not about the funding round, it's about the governance around, right? You can choose between peer reviews and eligibility review. Processes, strategies to prevent gaming the system rewards planning, I hope you do choose this as well.

1:21:28 - Rafael Presa Prioritizing projects, proposals with high added value for the platform pools budgets to discuss amounts redistribution, which would be okay. P C. Do not consume all the money, so we can redistribute through another pool that still has some of our the some Chim that are above the threshold max. Allocation of amounts as well. Lastly, improve results to educational and awareness and just remembering these options. Here they came from or three weeks ago where we discussed, the topics as well.

1:22:10 - Rafael Presa Okay, the only one I added was the reward planning because of the, the situation we had Okay, so please, if you could and you can, well, of course, vote for multiple options.

1:22:26 - Jan Horlings I wasn't even thinking about having a poll right away, but just to refresh that list. But we can do a poll also just to save some time so that we have a good start. Is it clear to everybody what these things mean or should? Should I go one by one once more, and have short explanation? We saw last time with a pool that apparently so one of these things grace on, on, on, influencing people with tiny things. The way we phrase the question in, even in such a pool, even if we, if it's just a communication tool and not a decision tool, it is already.

1:23:11 - Jan Horlings It might already impact things, as we saw last time. Are we comfortable doing this as a as a as a Paul or not?

1:23:32 - Peter Elfrink since no objections.

1:23:36 - Jan Horlings Is there anybody who'd like to have some more explanation on any of these things, or is it more or less clear what they mean? It's clear from Ma ro I can see that, but I can't see all your faces so.

1:23:58 - Rafael Presa if in as well.

1:24:04 - Jan Horlings You know, let's just do it, let's just give it a try what comes out of make too much fuss about it.

1:24:07 - Mauro Andreoli Yes, maybe. The most difficult, and for those who are not very related with this kind of ecosystem, is the number C Strategies to prevent gaming the system number A Bcd. Prioritizing project proposal with high added values for the product from how we will do it. I think this could be the most difficult to those who are not pre related to the ex.

1:24:46 - Jan Horlings Let's just have everybody fill it in and see if there's already some consensus or if it's completely distributed, and then take it from there and have some more discussion and see if we can reach a conclusion in a short time. We're also now time bound. That's yet an other factor influencing our decisions. Let's just give it a try. So do we know when done?

1:26:10 - Rafael Presa As I don't see uh different, uh numbers here, I believe everybody already voted. I guesss yes,

1:26:24 - Stephen Whitenstall Can you screen and share the results, Raphael?

1:26:27 - Rafael Presa yeah, sure, Don't you have the button results as well? But I of course you can, just to Oh,

1:26:34 - Stephen Whitenstall for the recording. I'm thinking.

1:26:37 - Rafael Presa you are right,

1:26:39 - Jan Horlings Good Fox.

1:26:40 - Rafael Presa yes. Let me see here,

1:26:52 - Jan Horlings Yes.

1:26:55 - Rafael Presa that's the result.

1:26:56 - Jan Horlings So it, it's, fairly distributed. I would say there's, there's one thing, there's only one person that, would like to see one pool, only that person didn't use, their right to speak up just a little while, which is fine. And what I also.

1:27:17 - Peter Elfrink Actually, I, I can't speak up. I voted that, but completely miss the only portion and did not intend to vote that on that. Sorry.

1:27:29 - Jan Horlings Okay, okay, yeah, so I think we will always have a generic pool if we have multiple pools, so not. To block any person from from making any specific suggestion. If somebody hass a brilliant suggestion that we, that doesn't fit in a pool, we shouldn't be blocking that. So I think then with that one out there, I think everybody wants to have multiple pools. What is a little bit surprising to me is that There's not that much appetite to discuss the pools budgets and size and how we distribute in case a pool is not completely depleted.

1:28:10 - Jan Horlings I didn't expect that one Peer reviews and eligibility reviews scores high Yeah, not sure if we should now make a decision based on one vote more or less, so that that was not the basic idea here. But does anybody else wants to give their perspective on on this result?

1:28:35 - Peter Elfrink No sure um.

1:28:36 - Grace Rachmany I mean, it's interesting to me that peer reviews are so interesting. Because to me there's also something that has like that's related to reputation and reputation doesn't appear here. So like peer reviews and eligibility reviews, like that relates to the whole reputation system, so. Yeah, it's surprising to me that we would be so interested in something that's so subjective.

1:29:06 - Jan Horlings Yeah, so what we did last time we invited the community to help us with a certain tasks and one task was eligibility reviews, but it was purely on formal. Reasons. So does this proposal align apply to the formal conditions yes or no and the peer reviews is something that the awarded teams did. So awarded teams had the opportunity to or we asked the awarded teams to give their opinion on what they think were good proposals. In the next round, I will make sure that they couldn't vote on Any proposals in a round where they are self, they were self also submitted.

1:29:50 - Jan Horlings So from my perspective, well, both things also perspective of the limited time that we had to organize it, very limited. We're quite successful but also need a little bit maturity, need to mature. But yeah, so I already have a clear idea what I want to do there. But it would be very interesting to hear what the community has to say and and what what other cool ideas there are out there.

1:30:28 - Peter Elfrink To me, this makes me wonder if, the, the one on the, on the budget, having three votes, if that this result of the poll would mean that. If anybody has comments on that, it should just be posted in the generic pool, like won't we have a separate pool on this?

1:30:43 - Jan Horlings Yes. Yes, yeah, sure, you can still offer your, ideas about that, but you can do that in the generic pool. Yeah, so there's nothing lost by not having that pool there.

1:30:58 - Rafael Presa The biggest problem when you don't have a specific pool is because your proposal that you think is very important is going to be among a lot of other proposals in a genetic pool, for instance, so it can nose down and it was, it will not get the well do. Attention to it. That's why we decided to ask about the pools to strategize and have the and have this. But you are right, generic pool would be the way to propose around that.

1:31:36 - Jan Horlings I'm inclined to say. If I can, if I should just make a decision right now, have the top four. Peer reviews Strategies to prevent gaming rewards planning and improve results through education and awareness. Put them in a pool together with a generic pool. Then we have five, just like the election thing, not overthink it right now. I mean, they're just labels. It's another thing that we are experimenting with. Maybe in the next governance round we can do it a little bit more determinedly in some ways, maybe.

1:32:25 - Jan Horlings Already created a kind of a list of potential pools or have a different voting process. I don't know, to be honest, but Yes, Since every since there is nothing blocked, we can also go for the top three. What would be left out then rewards planning. Maybe we'll, we can think about the wording of these pools a little bit. I think that that can be a little bit clear or described what we mean with these pools. But I think it's okay, anybody, has a better idea.

1:33:27 - Felix Not forcefully idea, but definitely a reference, so I think I posted it. Somewhere back already posted again the live chat. There's been some amazing work being done by George Lovecraft by Pace when he went through pretty much all voted challenges and Project Catalyst from fund two to fund seven I think mostly, which captures some, yeah, quite un, not challenges. And he got some really nice thoughts and perspectives out of this. Pools here are equal to challenges and catalyst, but pretty much exactly the same goal.

1:34:03 - Felix There can be a lot learned there. He spent. This was a funded proposal as well. Actually, this is a summary of several funded proposals. Who made his research on analysis and catalyst It's open for everybody, right? So a lot of knowledge is gathered there already. Experiences here.

1:34:23 - Jan Horlings Maybe we should share this screen as well. If that's possible, refer the link from Felix or I can share the with. So you have these funding category lists, but that is really the, the funding part, right? So that would not be appropriate for the governance round.

1:34:56 - Felix see it is somehow well what difference is in catalyst let's say the proposal submission for in this regard governance proposals and a proposal from individuals are in the same role here it's separated where we see for example development and infrastructure governance and identity is something what touchs a lot to this parts here right and when you go for example on the left side on the on the gbo go for example on governance and identity what development and infrastructure goes down quite some rabbit holes,

1:35:09 - Jan Horlings Yep.

1:35:29 - Felix and these areas there still are very applicable to even the government experiment and deep funding. I would say.

1:35:40 - Jan Horlings This is something we need to mature. I think over time we will have more or less a fixed categorization of governance topics that we feel comfortable with and think that are sufficiently targeted, and maybe we'll have one or two themed categories on top of that. But it's also clear to me that we are not there yet. I think we need to think these topics through more than than where we are right now. But that doesn't mean that we won't be that we shouldn't just give it a try and, and start with the number of pools and then we'll see.

1:36:21 - Jan Horlings So we'll also suppose that these, these, these formul of these five pools, three will stay empty and the generic one will be very full. Yeah, then we'll learn something.

1:36:37 - Stephen Whitenstall Yeah, I kind agree with that. I mean George also that didn't come out of nowhere, those categories, so that you have to start somewhere and you're gonna, you're gonna. You know, So some sort of chaotic start is probably good in a way because you might get some sort of emergence of things. So I wouldn't rush to categorize things definitively straight away. So you know, We should try to get in contact with George Felix because he might be interested in the process, because he's interested in analyzing this kind of it.

1:37:17 - Felix Maybe also could not. When I dropped the link that the Ma, the min, my thought was not at all that we adopt adopt the thing only for those who are interested in our pool. Challenges ideas When you go through the Gbod, there are a lot of really interesting sentences, but doesn't mean that we need to copy paste it over here.

1:37:38 - Jan Horlings Maybe this is the kind of thing that would be very appropriate for Esther. I was thinking, damn, I don't have time for this But here's the separation between theory and and practice. I'm not sure if Esther still here, but How you are.

1:37:59 - Esther Galfalvi Yeah, I'm still, I'm still here. I needed to drop off in a minute,

1:38:02 - Jan Horlings Otherwise you could just give you more and more work if you're not here.

1:38:03 - Esther Galfalvi but

1:38:05 - Jan Horlings But All right, all right, all right, Grace is not here anymore, unfortunately. Yeah, let's, let's try to wrap this up so. Are we comfortable? Sufficiently comfortable? Maybe not a hundred percent comfortable. I'm not, I know, but are we sufficiently comfortable to say, well, let's go with these four plus one. Categories, rephrase them a little bit and then give it a try. I see one thumbs up. Four five six I'll take it We can't give. Can we give thumbs down here? I don't think that's possible.

1:39:08 - Jan Horlings That's a huge limitation. Ah, but it's very hard to find. Maybe by defin um. Let me just ask it if if anybody and and please feel free to speak that is, that is the whole point of of of this. Don't don't feel in any way limited. If you think we should, we are going the wrong way with this. Yeah, then just let me know, let us know. Then let's for now. If afterwards, you can still continue your discussion on telegram or on discard if you want. We we will. Give ourselves some moving space here. If somebody makes a remark that is brilliant and we think a we didn't think about that, or a category that we think, oh, that should really be there and we didn't put attention on that, we will take the liberty of still adjusting that But based on this discussion I think it's okay ish for these for four categories and and seee what will come out four plus one.

1:40:41 - Jan Horlings Just a white one.

1:40:45 - Stephen Whitenstall So what's the next steps? Yeah, I'll begin to reword the choice of categories that we've chosen, the three or four, and then provide a summary. Is that what's happening next year?

1:40:57 - Jan Horlings Yeah, I think we'll, we'll just do that, in, in, in, in. For sake of speed, do it ourselves, me or Rafel. I'm having a few days off, which is quite rare, so uh, over the coming days I won't have time. But we can rephrase it a little bit and maybe post it in telegram or discord what we think the the right summaries and and and names should be. And then if there are no objections or whatever, we'll just put it on spray because if we want to have this thing overlapping, then we shouldn't also wait too long.

1:41:41 - Stephen Whitenstall That's right, now.

1:41:43 - Jan Horlings All right.

1:41:45 - Felix idea, Yan He was idea before to say, ah, maybe hosting workshops for each of the pools if you would be fine if Similarity Swarm simply runs with this as Community Initiative says, hey, we're hosting some calls shutting about these pools, inviting some people, would this be fine with you?

1:42:03 - Jan Horlings wouldn't be just fine. I would applaud that, and I would would rejoice. Having swarm and in all hands do that. So yeah, at the town hall do that, That would be, that would be great. Yeah, wonderful. I'm, I'm thinking now how are you going to do that? Are you going to do one, town hall with five breakout rooms, so do things in parallel that that would be an option? Or do we actually want to have five sessions in there, You know what we can even do right now if we are saying that you need a little more part time If after these five workshops we still want to give people a little bit of time to let it sink in and to react and reflect and give comments, also people who aren't in the workshop.

1:42:55 - Jan Horlings So my feeling is this might take a little bit of time and maybe two weeks is not enough. So if that is the case and we feel that this is valuable, then we can also extend that a little bit. Not to the extend one workshop one week and do this five weeks and then two more weeks for collecting. I think that's a little bit over the top, but if we have to prolong it with one week for instance, I think it would be feasible.

1:43:29 - Felix one week it would be great and the format is for example let me share a screen for a second is in catalyst school what we did we created this um inside workshops actually where is it inside sharing workshops excited this one We, we actually just having a call. Come, why do I share screen actually? Yeah, just want to say that it's recorded so people can watch into a share link. Texts have been inside sharing workshops. But you organized when challenge proposal submission was opened, all the stuff.

1:44:08 - Felix And we just hosted this workshops to directly with people who joined there and all the stuff. And we had quite some what we usually do. We reach out to some experts where we know, oh, they have some really strong insights on the specific topics to get their insights in as well and then forming work groups around this and to say our key We now as people get really the inputs they need because high quality input equals high quality output, so make sure the people have everything they needed to really come up with the best proposals in this regard.

1:44:41 - Felix And then having these groups coming and submitting proposals or feedbacks, but more as a community coordinated effort.

1:44:49 - Jan Horlings I think this sounds all wonderful. It it's music to my ears, really. I I love it, Felix. You're convincing me more and more and I think a proper process in this is important, and if we can even get some experts that drawn in and if that will lead to very good requirements, that will help us select a supervisory council and also attract people for the supervisory councils that can really help syn come down and and, and our whole community forward. Yeah, And then what's the extra week or two weeks or then if it goes to that level of quality, I'm yeah, really in favor of that.

1:45:39 - Jan Horlings But then I would say, let's say how it will go and how much So, so are you thinking about multiple workshops or I suppose so.

1:45:49 - Felix Definitely yes.

1:45:52 - Jan Horlings So let's see Le, let's the 1st one or two and not commit on an end date for this supervisory council feedback yet. Let's wait how how things will evolve.

1:46:09 - Felix great and may tomorrow. You can help a little bit in marketing these efforts because usually it's quite difficult to build engagement about governance. It's not Defi, it's not N Fts, it's unsexy stuff to really each person.

1:46:23 - Mauro Andreoli It's the most difficult things to do with the governance, but the good thing is that the people who are participating is that they are. Commitment Have a huge commitment with the, with the governance thing, so I will try my best. I'm working, I have today I talk with Raphael and sent to Jan and Rafael a sneak peek of graphic design, but I'm working with my designer to make some posts in different social media. Inform about this council, I will share with you and if you need help sharing, to the make the workshop, let me know and I will try to, to do my best.

1:47:15 - Mauro Andreoli I'm also discussed with Raphael. The idea to start making sure your space to talk about specific things, not like an open discussion like governance calls right here more like for example explaining pool a the rules how the payments will be the requirements to be more precisely with each stage of information and I will. Also, I know that I'm in debt with the Ambassadors program because they have the call in on on Fridays, but once I get that time off in two weeks, I will connect to try to discuss more how to, to improve this and work together.

1:48:05 - Mauro Andreoli But Felix let me know and I will try my best.

1:48:10 - Felix Yes.

1:48:10 - Stephen Whitenstall Something along the lines of insight sharing could be a good leading with that Mario like because It's a combination of using the retrospective, so looking back at what we've done already and then, then we have a deducted element. So it kind of guides people through, so says, look what was done, this can help you with what we were about to do. We found in the past that can be quite, it can fulfill tick a lot of boxes at the same time, it can be educational as well as help with the retrospective animal as well.

1:48:48 - Felix In the red prospective part I, I set up a good book. I think last year already I, captured a little bit all the governance expert calls from round one. Also with the de walk task where we actually young, we have all the participants from pretty much all the governance expert calls since the beginning or this governance calls, we know who engaged when in this calls. On chain even, which is actually quite cool, but the Gib book documentation was not really well done. So when it comes to actually auditing, reviewing previous pools, we maybe need, would need some of your help on Gi book documentation then maybe.

1:49:31 - Jan Horlings Sure, we'll, we'll find a way, we'll, yeah, well we'll, we'll, we'll do, do this together actually. It would be helpful to have maybe a channel on discard or whatever, where we can all collaborate. On this going forward. Thinking about the call that Peter was mentioning on the ambassadors, not really ambassador or not really deep funding call, but maybe with this new dynamic that might already be the 1st workshop or something.

1:50:04 - Peter Elfrink Yes, what was good?

1:50:12 - Jan Horlings Wonderful, wonderful. I, yeah, I, I really admire all you people coming up with these ideas and, and helping proactively, like that. I think it's, it's a great, a great thing, a great thing to have such a community. To work with. Thank you. So I propose that we, that we create a discord channel 1st and then we align our ideas there and we share what our needs are. I think we do need to, there is some, some need to, to move rather quickly here. But yeah, I also leave it to you, Felix, exact how you, how you would like to, to start this approach, this Mao.

1:51:03 - Mauro Andreoli I need to ask if there is any possibility to open a new channel or a new server for deep funding because there are a lot of channels in the singularity net one and it's a huge mess and for example even for me when I want to look for a specific link I need to scroll down and see which channel is the appropriate and when some people tag me I miss the tag so maybe I don't know how the team wants to handle but open and a specific server for the funding will be very helpful to to start working with the specific things but this is my unpopular opinion

1:51:45 - Jan Horlings All right. Well, actually I have news for you, ma news, and not news or an inquiry. This topic of multiple servers or one, there are pros and cons to that and Peter can better explain that to me. So it's more management and it's also harder for people to get multiple people on multiple services. So that's also a thing. But there is also an ongoing discussion which internally, which has recently been up again. Having going on a different platform, we're now internally on Slack. What we would like to do, to have an environment where we can easily add people without invoking extra costs.

1:52:33 - Jan Horlings Every time we add somebody and then have new monthly costs. So that is something which is actively being pursued at the moment. One of the zillion things we're doing We're thinking, for instance, about a tool called Metter Most, which we could be hosting on our own server and then adding people. And actually I volunteered and I'm now also triggering, leading that a little bit because I volunteered to have Sync do as a pilot project on. A server like that on a platform like that, So this won't happen overnight.

1:53:14 - Jan Horlings We need to do some investigation what is a proper platform, what the pros and cons are, and will it actually help us? So there's also no guarantee. Maybe your wish might be fulfilled in this case, but the may be not in a as a different server on this card. Although this court is also one of the options, but it might also be a completely new environment like Metal Most and the 1st Inventory. An inventory of people who mentioned something about discord is aligned with what you're saying, that it can be very feel very crowded and distracting and it's not a real clean interface.

1:54:00 - Jan Horlings Somehow. I have the same. Maybe, maybe, probably if we have something new, then it will get filled and stuffed again and then we still, we will never feel that we have the perfect tool. But if any of you have as experience with such a platform or another platform you feel we should be investigating and let me know.

1:54:32 - Stephen Whitenstall Yeah, I mean it's hard. There's no perfect platform and the platform will have its pros and cons. I would support not moving to distort actually, but um, just to try something out.

1:54:50 - Jan Horlings Yeah, of course. Communication in our organization is absolutely essential. It's the life blood of our organization we're working in all over the world and most of us like me, from home. So yeah, that's a lifeline. So we have to make sure if we really migrate our all our internal tools. Yeah, that, that, that we do it correctly. Of course, we can do a pilot relatively safely in sync do environment because there's new, there's no history, We'll see, we'll see how that will evolve and yeah, should you have any ideas, let me know.

1:55:42 - Jan Horlings Last words of wisdom anybody. Otherwise, I'll have to take that job. I would like to thank you for yet another constructive meeting. I think we had some real interesting discussions on doing things, overlapping or not with the supervisory council and the governance around. I got some new insights out of that. We made the decision on the pools, maybe not the perfect decision, but at least it's a 1st step going there. And we have this wonderful initiative from Felix and Maro and others to start doing a workshop kind of thing on the super supervisory council election feedback.

1:56:34 - Jan Horlings Pools, which is very promising, and looking forward to see how that will involve. I know that Swarm and town halls have pleasantly surprised me before four during the round two already. So um, the expectations are high, I would say. No, just kidding. I'm very happy with the initiative, so let's see how that, how that will play out. And yeah, also very impressed by initiative of thinking about inviting high profile people for this supervisory council,

1:57:04 - Rafael Presa Thank.

1:57:16 - Jan Horlings because that might also prove to be very important to us all. So thank you.

1:57:24 - Felix He.

1:57:24 - Jan Horlings See you back very soon, probably on one of these brainstorming sessions.

1:57:33 - Peter Elfrink Thanks a lot for listening.

1:57:40 - Rafael Presa Thank you,

1:57:43 - Jan Horlings All right, I stop recording, but it's still, say. Recording And I think that is because of,

1:57:49 - Rafael Presa Red Ready Dot AI yes.

1:57:51 - Jan Horlings everyday life, so that's cool. Good session. It's a rap and um, productive I would say.

1:58:05 - Peter Elfrink Absolutely.

1:58:16 - Rafael Presa de phrase defy.

1:58:24 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, you might actually the price, I'm not sure if you're here. Well, I'm not sure you just left. Okay, never mind,

1:58:32 - Rafael Presa No, actually I put it,

1:58:34 - Peter Elfrink Hes.

1:58:35 - Rafael Presa I put it in the waiting room.