Process Guild 
Tue. Apr 25, 2023

0:06 - Tevo Saks It's out recording with this again.

0:12 - Felix accounts for your deduction directly. Something.

0:18 - Tevo Saks I cannot stop recording.

0:22 - Felix Because it's not really recording video, I think, and no, not a figure. It's to read AI. I like AI.

0:29 - Tevo Saks Ah, the Idc, both of them.

0:36 - Felix Remember last week Treasury, Colos mi, and three.

0:41 - Tevo Saks I mean, I wasn't using it. This just invited a thing.

0:48 - Peter Elfrink All right, Felix. Are you saying that the tunnel did get recorded? Right? The tunnel.

0:58 - Felix Yes, I think so, I hope so, but normally is.

1:05 - Peter Elfrink Ose.

1:12 - Felix I think it takes some time to upload actually on the Read AI.

1:13 - Tevo Saks I lucky.

1:19 - Felix Because when you enter the Ambassadors Google account. I added a link there as well in the top, where you can directly jump on the retail I click dashboard.

1:45 - Tevo Saks Well, I think we have some. Bunch of stop to show and the discussion may also be quite uh, heavy on decision in meeting. So I will suggest this time to record the session. Although it's already showing me recording, I will do it extra recording it on this computer.

2:19 - Felix I think you are doing a right He Pete, I think we just fucked up. The town actually we have the text and the trends quite most likely, but maybe we messed up and didn't record it at the same time as we trends cribs. We didn't record it at the same time on Zoom as well because video and trends crib is actually packing separate from each

2:44 - Peter Elfrink It might be accurate. I, I got confused by the side of things.

2:52 - Felix Okay, we have to, we have the text, we can throw it back into a text to video. Sorry for that.

3:05 - Tevo Saks It could be possible that it's recording under the Read AI platform itself because it does add a video there with like timestamps. And when you click on the timestamp, it shows you when that happened in a video that assumes they downloaded the video Rong Cloud. Either way, let that be a thing. Start recording. On this computer easier to pull it to the Youtube Ten. Well you couldn't say anything but I'm recording now so hello welcome everybody to process school meeting and today twenty fifth may we are gonna look into a couple of things as you can see I still continue using the whiteboard.

4:08 - Tevo Saks There are some updates you did. I messed up this arrows seriously. I realized that I am not I should move them to also the new board, and copy paste it to the previous port, in order to make these arrows to lead to the right places. I'm going to show you how it works because the goal here is to connect these, all these tasks into agenda items. So previously you noticed that was also adding this kind of information and up, but now I'm fully keeping them as basically task titles. And if there is a context to be discussed, like let's say we take one action item, we pull it to the like, here we have academic research.

4:57 - Tevo Saks If you click on it, it will take you to the topic which was already expanded. And then if there's the topic continues to be expanded, then these arrows will be navigating to the correct section so that we can start building the Network of transportation around these sticky bets across the board in order to follow, and less duplication of these tasks themselves. Right side and yeah, regarding these tasks, looks like the way we are organizing it, we're not going to do much of work in these calls ourselves.

5:48 - Tevo Saks Process school will be more of Mother God to push out more work groups. Like if we want to have Tew activities create the workplace, we want to talk about academic research, we don't. We can give the like pitches in process called P. Actual work G meetups will happen in a different space than here. It's to have more of the higher. A higher view on these tasks. Yeah, so we do have two action items because every time we, I am taking these informations and tests from the Discord channel itself.

6:35 - Tevo Saks So if you have anything to share, just chop either a link which leads to a topic or push agenda or share agenda in the Disc channel and I will take it to the process for and same for the real topics.

6:54 - Rojo but by the way Tiva, I just wanted to mention that, we are planning to do like a five to 10 min demo for Summon platform. Perhaps it could be by the end of the meeting or something like that.

7:18 - Tevo Saks Well, one thing you mentioned is like a precision task and like upcoming task, what you can do is you can create a video demo and upload it and then it's basically done.

7:36 - Rojo no, the demo is actually voting from the ambassadors, so it's not just showing how it works, because I believe most people can figure out how. It works. We can still do a demo if it's needed, but we would like to do like a live vote. I created like a poll and each ambassador here has like an Nf in their wallet and we can do like a, a vote.

8:06 - Tevo Saks All right. Will keep that in mind. Today we don't have that much time, but we could alternatively change stuff up Okay, let's. Touch the agenda items we have in and then let's keep in mind to have a Li both demo or alternatively prepare to have that in in appropriate time. Two of the action items that were discussed were These are green ones, so they are already completed, so it's more often for everybody to know. Ambassador Zma Count has now all the work groups. Scheduled in its Suma account.

8:57 - Tevo Saks And it this ret of he Felix attached to B, to AI as you can see, and he puts some guides on top of her. So I put Put them on this marrow board for reference. In future. Because the way I almost visualize it is, I see that Steven Kada is starting from the very past to also bring into our high information from the marrow board, so then we can be more assured that also these guides will be reflected and activated. Now I'm not sure are these activities recorded and I hope Felix does it somehow.

9:45 - Tevo Saks Other than that, they are just going to be seen as done activities. And another discussion I would want to bringing us, our attention is to the Ross school desk. Out it. I'm not sure describe how you an example how to become ambassador. Yeah, so we had Several weeks ago, a task, describe how you became Ambassador, what did you do, what would you like to do in six months, and what is your relevance to Singularity and Ambassador? With the recent Treasure real discussions, we brought up a new question who We remove Agx remarks from this task because they are ambassadors, or do we still reward these kinds of Questions?

10:46 - Tevo Saks Ambassadors, or we just consider it part of the, so to say. And if it's part of the work, should we then somehow emphasize ambassadors to also answer that? Because now we have this incentive? You should. Anybody have tht, sir.

11:17 - Peter Elfrink I do have um. In my mind, this would, be the double dipping. We don't allow for ambassadors.

11:30 - Fly I don't think, ambassadors should get rewarded for a task like that. I think, I think, yeah. Perhaps this is just trying a spanner in the works, but for me the more pressing question is like, How do engage or reward the people who aren't ambassadors right now? But yeah, this is separate I guess, but I don't think there should be double dipping stuff like this.

12:02 - Tommy Frey I, I agree with you, Fly. I thought the reward was just for the casa, for doing the, collection and editing of the data. I didn't think it was for the ambassadors.

12:13 - Tevo Saks That's a totally different task. In my opinion. It looks like there was a duplicate. Different sions. The Nca version had a lot of other questions too, and this was like created long time ago before there was any ruling of Double dipping Six Ap A start of month. This task was created so okay, so we removed the aborts. If nobody objects, we stay it at.

12:45 - TheFreysDeFi Well, let me just ask you quickly. You said this was done before the rule was in place. Does that mean it was done before the rewards for ambassadors were there and would this then be considered back pay before those rules were put in? Because if it was before that, I think you guys should get paid.

13:06 - Tevo Saks I think it was a very same time, just just before the strategy. Will had more clarity on that, but then again it is very aligned with that and to be it. Did get rewarded in some sense retrospectively. So it's like double dipping retrospective,

13:29 - TheFreysDeFi Okay, then I would say, then take the reward away.

13:32 - Rojo Yeah, most of us feel it like lately, so I think it would count as a double tipping.

13:42 - Tevo Saks action. Here, his task was for ambassadors, but other people also answered them, like Iva. Kanga shared I'm a cool teacher, I really want to create Indonesian community. I bring them to have accesss, So people are giving insights. Corgo is sharing something and to. Even though it was clearly mentioned that this is an ambassador task, it was mentioned that we do not reward members we now reconsider due changes of our treasury system. We stay to the cause of What pass was mentioned for?

14:25 - Fly On some level, I think we should like go where the water flows. If this is a task that community are engaging with and that they've got some good information that we can boot something, I think they should be rewarded.

14:43 - Tevo Saks He describes the took steps to become a singular ambassador by attaining variable events for a person to ambassador events naming sum calls.

14:55 - Fly It could be like those texts are there and if Mcsa wants to use them or if someone wants to use them, then they're, then they're rewarded. That's another option. I understand it's like stating that there isn't any rewards and this is only for these people, but then those other people, kind of contribute on some level. We don't want to. Reward People like following the basic instructions. I don't know.

15:27 - Tevo Saks Okay, so I will. Based on this sense, I will add the other Members who did. Share their perspective When we talk about rewards, we do still allow Timbs for everybody, even ambassadors, right? Because that's time tracking basically. Then.

15:55 - Fly mean seems to be confusing about ambassadors. Like we are these seven ambassadors, but on some level Everyone in this community is an ambassador, and perhaps there is a confusion here that we can hop on out.

16:17 - Tevo Saks we only to who have Ambassador Rock Yeah, ok,

16:20 - Tommy Frey At table,

16:21 - Tevo Saks The

16:21 - Tommy Frey I answered directly to Mcsa I was dmed, so I did not do it through d work, so my answer won't show up. I don't want to be rewarded at all. Unless Mcas added it in here, I think the question, though, comes from those of us that have the ambassador role. That to me is pretty straightforward only those that have the ambassador role will be rewarded. So the 1st question is moot for anybody that answered it, that doesn't ambassador because they did not become an ambassador. So I, I don't see Rewarding people just because they answer the question when it's outside the sandbox, so to speak.

17:16 - Tommy Frey Just just my viewpoint.

17:19 - Tevo Saks I'm gonna take it back. If there is. Differences in our discussion, I will go with the version that we started with okay and now final cool task should it be moved? Is it a strategic world or marketing world? Because it came out in the idea of a vision, because it was related to onboarding. And then it's like, well, we don't really have to think too deeply how to get onboard. And that's just as ambassadors, how they take it to be ambassador. And that could have been that user story or which could be used to create that onboarding wise what Mikasa is also doing.

18:18 - Tevo Saks It is content. It could be used as marketing material, like what two ambassadors do and that kind of creates distraction elsewhere. So any toch which tw task, it should be rewarded because. Because right now we don't have the capability to put tasks under multiple goals.

18:45 - cran You, you're talking about,

18:46 - Fly Hey.

18:47 - cran Mc's task where she's asking the ambassador questions, right?

18:51 - Tevo Saks the same thing. The question for ambassadors, but not the N. Ask, That's precursor one describe how you became ambassador, what would you like to do in six months and what is your relevance to single and ambassador. That was created on the process, but now we have strategy and now it's kind of getting. Where should we move it, if at all? Or we just keep it in another process school because it was created here 1st.

19:25 - cran It's a good question. It's a good question for future use case Since this doesn't really have rewards, it doesn't have Tooo much implication I would, I would think in the future for Marketing Guild, it seems like there's two work groups and they'll be basically deciding what writers will be doing, what videos will be doing, and eventually hopefully there's a graphics work group.

19:49 - Tevo Saks Would it be a useful material for white Ter group Then. This is an content like there is a lot of information to be.

20:05 - cran That's true.

20:06 - Tevo Saks This is unique material which you don't really find, just Googling.

20:10 - Rojo Tv, I have a question like What was the purpose of this task? Perhaps that can help us categorize

20:19 - Tevo Saks As I mentioned, it started off based on, well, we need onboarding and that was a good question to start with to get user stories, how do you get on board to be an ambassador? And it was aligned with strategic vision setting. This was deservedly incubation days, I think the 1st. Just before the 1st incubation meetings or just after that.

20:43 - Rojo I see.

20:45 - Tevo Saks but now as it's completed, it's more like, well, it's content and its, it's marketing material.

20:53 - Rojo I mean, perhaps we can keep it up as we started with and it could be used as a content as well because uh. I think the way how we should categorize these tasks is By the initial thought if they're going to be used even in a dozen work group afterwards, that doesn't really matter. I mean. Again, there is reuse cases for so many stuff. You can take something from education, use it for content and then use it for strategy and it can keep going like that. But we should focus on the 1st thing, where, which is the purpose, why it was created.

21:28 - Tevo Saks Though I keep it on the process called, which is not even the stagey one, because it was created here. 1st.

21:35 - Fly I would like to hear from our resident archivist, Steven.

21:42 - Stephen QA-DAO Yeah, I was going to mention outputs and particularly the ambassadors. Gil G Book started by Peter should be a kind of source of truth. There is, there would. I think, Peter, you framed it originally as a summary of each guild. I mean, I know that's out of date, a few months out of date, but hopefully if content is being produced, I think there needs to be a view of kind of agreed content if you like, like if you're summarizing ambassadors roles or work groups what's been agreed and can go out there into the world and say this is what Process Guild does, this is what Treasury Guild does, this is what Marketing Guild does in the form of like a paragraph summary in the Gif book, in the Ambassador's Gif book, I mean.

22:33 - Stephen QA-DAO And that's what I mean is that you'll be kind of like a conservative content, there'll be con content which we don't change very much. So I mean that be informative, you know, but it needs to be a kind of definitive statement on what that thing is. You. So, I mean, so if we can have some sort of workflow where, yes, content could be used for marketing, yes, content could be used for other articles, but there's also, you know, what is marketing geld, Where do I go? On a Gi book to get that information.

23:10 - Peter Elfrink Well, I think it makes sense to have it at some point, have it at that stage, but right now it's, it's not clearly, I mean, it's a bit tricky in a way. I would say let's get that defined and let's get that. Sorted and the, you know, it will obviously change a little bit over time. But we can ament, of course, but yeah, at the same time I'm not sure for like on a practical level, if, if that should be something to, to focus on.

23:46 - Tevo Saks So I'm gonna create a quick Mi Pro voting one. To vote practically 1 min to soon. Most of you know that Dr. Everybody has done it, so I'm gonna just start it but still go over it. So when you join the Maro Board and perhaps you need a Mib for sure, if you join Maro board, it should pop up this session. Join voting, and then you have three options to boot on. Either somewhere else Process good marketing P Stategy good. You have two votes and you can select up to two stickies with that and only one vote per sticky.

24:37 - Tevo Saks And then just let's create a heat map and see if our collective decision making will give us quick resolve here,

24:49 - Stephen QA-DAO voice the question T.

24:51 - Tevo Saks which quilt? Task. Task to be moved.

25:00 - Fly For me, it seems like quite a small.

25:05 - Tevo Saks You can keep one.

25:06 - Fly I don't know whether it hass larger implications, but I'm just like, I don't mind so much.

25:16 - cran I agree. I guess for future implications, you know, if somebody wants to make a task for Some guild or work group, I would hope that they're like a part of that gild or work group or gets some consensus from that gild or work group, especially if like funds are used out of, like their allocation.

25:35 - Fly Yeah, like I was saying to Bar about, doing, Like a future graphics is that he asked to get the go ahead if he wants to do graphics from, say, a leader of each work group who was who he's making it for and kind of on that basis get, get a consensus and not to just come, to make things in marketing for all these other things. Uh without without prior approval. I mean, I think that's proven quite necessary in in marketing to have kind of prior approval process or at least stipulate between how we reward with that.

26:17 - Tommy Frey That's Tbo. Is this just in your mind a budget question for Process Guild Since Process Guild started this work task.

26:27 - Tevo Saks It will be related to budgets too, because in the end we're gonna quit graphics and if we just gonna do tasks wherever, our graphics will not reflect what we do because we don't really. Adhere to logic discussion because now every AI is also working on it and hopefully we get some quick resolves in future to kind of where does it belong to? And we can have some reflection to these meetings we're having right now. So.

27:06 - Stephen QA-DAO Don't understand the question.

27:08 - Tommy Frey there's, I think there's a duplication of effort. Steven This a Dw project that came out of process, which is what we're talking about right now. And then at a strategy guild came a bigger question of onboarding. And from that Mcsa picked up a project from, I don't know if it's writers or marketing, but picked up a project to interview the ambassadors. So there's going to be a payout on that. So I think We're conflating two different topics, two different issues here.

27:41 - Stephen QA-DAO Is it about categories? S Tommy Is it about what categories should dis tass beyond?

27:47 - Tommy Frey That's why I asked all if it was just a budget question.

27:48 - Tevo Saks Yes.

27:50 - Tommy Frey So it's, yeah, it, it's the task, yeah.

27:52 - Tevo Saks Please test. Describe how it became Ambassador, which cooled? Should it be moved to based on its content? Is it specific cooled, is it marketing cooled,

28:03 - Stephen QA-DAO Okay, so.

28:04 - Tevo Saks process cooled or somewhere actually?

28:07 - Stephen QA-DAO So which guild, which guild should own it?

28:10 - Tevo Saks Yes.

28:11 - Stephen QA-DAO Okay?

28:11 - Tommy Frey And I think since the 2nd came out of strategy and it's a bigger issue which is now part of what Steven's working on and everything else, I think strategy should own it, but even though process put out this initial one. And as I said, I don't think the ambassador should get paid out of this initial one or the secondary one because it would be double dipping. But the onboarding, the whole onboarding process I believe at this point is This is stemmed out of strategy, though it's now created another guild or two, it seems, or working group being.

28:51 - Tommy Frey Educational and the one Steven, whatever that turns into. So I don't. As strategy, I think it should be strategy personally, even though I didn't understand the question and I voted wrong.

29:05 - Tevo Saks Okay, you go the throng, then. Based on the small heat map. Let's move with the strategic G because there was a lot of of that kind of idea. That doesn't really matter. It Sometimes these small, minute things will have a very big impact in future. But to keep it short, let's then move it to strategic. I'm gonna keep it purpose so that I remember to do that. Our synchronous time. That's that, then. Topic also we wanted to bring up in this kind of session was from summit, so who were not able to see tor garbage invitation, I added the time stamped video.

30:03 - Tevo Saks I highly recommend looking his presentation because this is a god amongst people who is working on decentralized innovation funds. He hass given a lot of insight in his publish presentation and one of the things he prod up and which I book. Screenshot was a discussion about what makes a good innovation fund and to me it was like It's not even about the innovation one to meets, like what makes a good? Good and like do we have, because these are good categories to look at, like do we have repetition established, Do we do predictable funding at the start?

30:47 - Tevo Saks Not really now maybe. Do we gather of them or do we are wet centralized in a way that we can manage our rewards or we like central person somewhere just dictating, adding stuff or visit somewhere in between and going through all of these elements. I would like to some kind of analysis right now synchronously so in a way that everybody who is capable joining to the Maro board and, and uncertainties so In order to do that, we have now two options. I created this color mapping of one to seven, where.

31:32 - Tevo Saks Two are like we haven't really started with this kind of connection or meaning or like this topic, you can see the questions on the left side and to be bigger the score gets, the better it is. I created also a number seven, which is actually a pad, one that we are making it too complicated. So. Repetition one to find, but in seven would be then too much repetition. Like it can we slow down predictable funding like very good or going overboard like to cami fable you kind of can see how to abuse the system to we gather often and also option to way we gather way too often.

32:16 - Tevo Saks I don't even have time to work. Keep that in mind as a scoring option, so we don't really find the average here. We basically pulled ourselves sentiment analysis with the scoring And there are two options. Here is that we explore each question and we basically take the color. Version, and we give our reason why we chose this color. Another if we want to do it, which is much more simpler. Exploring question, we should do anyway, but The way we kind of work is, we could what we just did on this small exercise that we select.

33:08 - Tevo Saks Stickies for each of these questions and then we get the heat map from all the people where they think they're Li or we can create it, not Mb wing. We will not get results right away, but we basically create qualitative economics So how to do that would be that we create stickynotes with our reasonings and we put our names in front. Txt sticky. And then I will in the meantime, like in for the next week, I will share. What happens if we apply Kimball token weights on these decisions and see if there are any differences of The people who are more engaged in different sections or different pools would how, how does that like change the votings?

34:05 - Tevo Saks A bit of a long intro.

34:09 - Stephen QA-DAO can you speak to? Sorry, can you speak to the question of what is the growth? Someone asked in chat, as Tommy was actually so.

34:20 - Tevo Saks established a growth path for means a road map. To know much, you can basically on board people and with the kind of So basically agreement that we are going to onboard x amount of people or we're going to make this open and we're not going to have tacked many roles and only this role and that role and maybe here. So basically. Managing our scalability of humans in our surplus.

35:00 - Fly I think it might be, it's really nice the 2nd way you describe to get like, the qualitative and compare it with the gimble and stuff. But in the rest of this session, I think it may be too short to like go through all our different reasonings. If we wanted to aggregate and get a kind of heat map during this session, but one thing we could do is if we wanted to, to vote, we could turn the one to seven and put a key at the top then, but each people's name is a column and then we just post in our what we think and then we just look from that.

35:37 - Fly Perhaps.

35:41 - Tevo Saks to poke. So the differences with this voting solution is that with simple voting I basically will copy Baste to all of these and then we get the simple version right on this call.

35:55 - Tommy Frey Yep.

35:56 - Tevo Saks With the 2nd option, we still somewhat get the feeling, but every person on this marrow board will take like, okay, how well our reputation organized. I think this. And then he puts his name answers the reason why he thinks like it, because this and everybody does that. But we get to see color coding. We somewhat can aggregate this together, but the token nomic application to analyze it further will the results will come next week. So this is not something I was able to do quickly this last week and actually.

36:46 - Fly Can you explain again the link with the gimble?

36:52 - Tevo Saks canna, basically every person. Has every task what is recorded on the has these tags Community communication content ration and they are. Also all tasks are related to programs or goals. So what? So these are all the kimbles. So every person has allocated kimbles which is has a relation with task, skill or coll or a work group. What we we can do in here. I'm not clue actually how it will look like, but my assumption is that we may see some relations that perhaps Ross school will put lower numbers on this because they have different perspective, but marketing could.

37:42 - Tevo Saks May P like different versions, so or perhaps people who do more Contect ration have different scoring for this, or like people who only participate but not really contribute different perspectives. So we were able to seee a little more nuanced. Voting, which may still not be as relevant and we may not see that many differences, but we don't know because we don't know what we don't know. And that's all my assumptions right now, which we, what we may see from that economics

38:21 - Rojo she was small comment on the, the gimble using uh, so some of us, including myself and perhaps Felix as well, were involved in uh or are involved in um in swarm, which means we had some gimble tokens from the swarm side, Can we differentiate the ones obtained from singularity in the others?

38:47 - Tevo Saks Rewards are related to the group you belong to. So similarity, it is its own group and we have. That's why we use the Treasure assistant, which is Everything is already recorded in and in relation to Cools groups. Groups, Sup groups, and tasks and labels.

39:15 - Rojo so, so you're actually gonna do this, So you're not, you're not gonna simply do the weight by, by gimble token, but you're gonna look at the sheet and then like basically, join up the, the columns and stuff like that, right?

39:32 - Tevo Saks Yes.

39:33 - Rojo Okay, I see makes sense.

39:35 - Felix Usually a little bit like a test run for the, let's say, native token for the Gles actually.

39:49 - Fly I think it's, I think it's a good idea. It does bring up the question about like, it related to also what's going on in deep funding with like reputation systems and linking to wallets. And I think. I don't like the idea that it's like this, this person has this opinion and then it is linked to these amount of tokens and link it in this way. But I think, like To frame the information in terms of these different like outputs and and like guilds and eventually like with these skill sets, I think is a really smart move to kind of make some progress on this.

40:45 - Tommy Frey the reputation building table. Felix Raw ho. Myself. You probably some Misunderstanding Perhaps I don't think anybody else in the ecosystem understands what the purpose of gambles are. As we're talking about small, Felix is small cellular organizations, we may want to totally rethink that. As we say, someone just said uh F, I think with Guild, you know, start our own tokens, our own reputation system. So I would say right now if you asked me to vote on that. I would have to say the borrowed system for Cardano is well established, well known, but the swarm hass not even started, or organized reputation building other than in deep funding.

41:47 - Felix We started in caters before we started deep funding, one year before Deep Fing actually.

41:59 - Tevo Saks the Tw tasks are reputation wing and the gimbals were a means to record time spent at that. That was basically our decision how we will use the

42:11 - Tommy Frey I understand. That's why I said I understand. I think you and and Felix I don't know how many other people. Understand that or understand what the system is and how it builds the reputation.

42:26 - Felix This I would say fairly, nobody knows, everybody is looking on already trying to get together the data with you need to build any reputational meritocratic systems, but how they exactly work with the weight by example and all the stuff, this I would think it's bet to say nobody really knows that this is our collective challenge and so I need to figure out.

42:48 - Peter Elfrink But the way I understood it, the, the main aim is to at least track stuff and then la run when there's a proper system, you can you have that data as input?

42:59 - Felix exactly. It's a little bit like cogito. They introduced that talking like a tracer token, right? The 1st way. Coler Tk Its exactly what way that was the talk, the one it's tracer talk, right? The talk me, you can add to engagement on whatever platform, in our case Deb, and to have a token linked to it which allows you to bring the engagement on shade in the storage and once you build up the on shale storage, then can And start to build on your Mt location or reputation systems or whatever on top of it.

43:35 - Tevo Saks We are technically not in hurry to do this tokenomics sorting, and we can postpone it because we will have more opportunities to do. Better decision making. And then, because here it was a bit more complex, once I set it up, it would be if you're in just interested to see And actually now I realized it's in a context there. Process Schooled ambassador Program analysis So. This process called we look k into how well this is processed. Reputation repetition organized How predictable is funding here?

44:18 - Tevo Saks And if you do it the simple way, then it's much simpler for also the other tools to repeat that process if they or work groups if they are interested and they fee We have a blood established a lot of ground, let's get the basically. Overview of where we at and then we can continue. I also keep mind in time, but that was a good safeway.

44:56 - Stephen QA-DAO Also say that there are to prevent reinventing the wheel there are standards bodies for dios there is also the blockchain maturity moel which I think draw door may have derived some of this from in terms of the levels of maturity of a blockchain or blockchain voting so I'm not saying we should copy that or you know but it's just to be aware that there is already a context like the inter work of token alliance for example. I would recommend referring to that if you're doing any token development.

45:34 - Tevo Saks we already have a token. The goal here is to analyze what we are Is the data we are collecting?

45:40 - Stephen QA-DAO Yeah, that's what I mean, is easy.

45:43 - Tevo Saks Is it useful for voting weights?

45:49 - Tommy Frey Well.

45:51 - Stephen QA-DAO That's what I'm suggesting suggesting that you refer to. As part of the process, refer to work done by in by international standards bodies on whether this is a good process or not. I mean, I hear what we say, I hear what you're saying we have done to economics.

46:05 - Tevo Saks I see.

46:07 - Stephen QA-DAO Yeah, of course I get that, but there is, I mean the thing that comes to mind straight away is the Int Work Alliance. And the token tax Onmy framework as well. If we're not aware of this, then you're not aware of I'm not saying we should copy that, but you need to be aware those standards as those industry standards, so.

46:36 - Felix says that something is a standard. I challenge the step. Sorry,

46:41 - Stephen QA-DAO No, I agreee, Felix. I'm not saying W should cop here. It's just good to be aware of it, that's all.

46:49 - Fly Yeah.

46:50 - Tommy Frey If we go to a real life example, uh ta, the one, ambassador.

46:55 - Fly Can I can just can I just say what I was gonna say to Steven before we go back to.

47:01 - Tommy Frey We just, yeah, I have nothing else to say.

47:05 - Fly Stephen This is, this is a question I would love to note for uh. Taking forward with the archive group Um, just sorry, sorry, Tomy to jump in, I just wanted to put a, put a ping on, ping on that. So I think that's a great thing to work towards.

47:27 - Stephen QA-DAO Well, I mean, yeah, I suppose I'm, I'm always looking at things a quality assurance angle, so I see where F is coming from There's a kind of balance between oversight and looking at what lessons you can learn from industry standards. And then also, as Phoenix might put it the same, off and doing our own thing. You know, and to a certain extent we want to be created like get that here and this is like a new thing and we're experimenting, but it's also, it's just clever to see what other people have done.

48:02 - Stephen QA-DAO You know like for example maturity standards you know and the token tax onmy framework that kind of thing.

48:11 - Tevo Saks The link is shared volte principles. Would that be one wa to cross check if the results of the tokenomics are useful?

48:21 - Stephen QA-DAO No, the volunteer principles are Background to Doors approach. Door drafted the volunteer principles, but that was like a year before the decentralization summit. So he's obviously learned some lessons from there, because there's similarities between the Volunteer principles and those things that he's listed out there. I can see them straight away, but his thinking is obviously advanced on from that. So it's more contextual when you go across from one to seven looking at that, that I can see he might be looking at maturity levels, you know, which are, is not, you know, So.

48:56 - Tevo Saks These numbers are stuff I made up just to make this experiment fun.

49:00 - Stephen QA-DAO All right, okay, well that That's what I'm saying, what, that's what came to mind. If you come up with a set of principles, and then you want to test those principles to see where have you got to? There are also already structures that do that, you know, So which are Maturity levels or taxonomies. That's what I'm saying.

49:32 - Tevo Saks Sin sensing the room, we will discard the tokenomics waves, but then we still get the Kna Um, when we go over these questions, how well are our repetition organized? Does everybody have a clear understanding of that. And I'm going to put now random people into the Into a position to answer those questions, like What does this question need? I'm gonna start from left, which is Rojo. How do you understand this question? What does it mean? How well are our reputation organized?

50:23 - Rojo I guess that would refer to the internal structure on, on basically having like well defined processes. On how to do things, so that not every single thing has to be brought up for conversation again and again. So it's just well defined and we have to do this every single week or every single month or whatever.

50:56 - Tevo Saks I would add here the idea that, because it was. Pulled from the innovation found experiment and that the idea is that repetition has to happen. Like do have these cycles of repeating same activities again. To say, like we have a process called every one month, we do retrospective for example right now we don't do at all I think we do but we don't have the repetition cycle so nobody has that kind of heartbeat in this and that's that's the way I understand that question. Repeated experiments.

51:49 - Tevo Saks Processes. Anybody else wants to add here something? That it should cover, or wants to disagree of any of these? What the meaning of that question?

52:17 - Stephen QA-DAO Should we go around every one or an on a time for that hour?

52:22 - Tevo Saks Probably not time for that, but it like very obvious stuff. I would actually remove. Reduced re tendancy.

52:36 - Fly That's my understanding. Like repetition, doesn't it? Maybe isn't very effective, It's just repetitive, but effectiveness is kind of different.

52:52 - Tevo Saks The next question How predictable currently is our funding in process called Group Choose it? How do you understand that question? If you're here, person and fly.

53:19 - Fly Yo.

53:21 - Tevo Saks I'll be on this T.

53:24 - Fly I understand this question well at this time, to what extent can we, I'm just rewarding, what extent can we predict? Longevity of funding Um. For the process is in process Gild.

53:55 - Tevo Saks Yep, I would agree, but somebody want to add.

54:05 - Felix Especially compared to Catalyst. Definitely well as engagement and sure. Some with catalyst No. Since a half a year of cost, everything is, lots of things are dying off and there's no insurance at all anymore after nine constant combing rounds. But a lot of beautiful things happen.

54:32 - Tevo Saks Engagement assured Yeah, the right incentives, the right. Next one who we cater often enough. Good phrase, do fy.

54:58 - TheFreysDeFi I think weekly meetings, yes, we gather often enough, they're repeatable, they're consistent. And I think we're going to be finding our Se cells meeting more and more.

55:13 - Tevo Saks in context of process school.

55:13 - TheFreysDeFi So I.

55:15 - Tevo Saks But yes, work groups would fall under process school to some of them.

55:27 - TheFreysDeFi I would just say that a yes. Weekly is consistent.

55:32 - Fly That was just a question on understanding of the question B.

55:38 - Tevo Saks t mention, are we having consistent places to collaborate? Spacious to collaborate.

55:51 - Fly And I guess this is with this, do we gather often enough? There is like, yes, we have in process killed the zoo and however many people in Zoom, but then also in the Myro board. And those numbers often differ significantly. There's like five people in the are aboard now, and quite a few more here.

56:22 - Peter Elfrink True, me personally, I find it easier if if I was managing the camera, I could see chat as well at the same time. That's yeah.

56:32 - Fly Well, it was taken up in one, Someone said it, last week about facilitating the process of, people that can't be on my reboard and having someone literally plotting in, while there's a thinking, but then that is also another.

56:50 - Vanessa Cardui That was me.

56:51 - Fly Facilitation Are ya cool, Hey?

56:54 - Vanessa Cardui I was actually just gonna say also. When we think about do we gather often enough? Do we need to think about in what format we gather? Not just like Myra but async versus sync because it can be really with all our different time zones, it can be super excluding sometimes.

57:13 - Tevo Saks Can you pat that asynchronously?

57:16 - Vanessa Cardui Yeah, I think you can. Yeah,

57:20 - Peter Elfrink not really gathering.

57:21 - Vanessa Cardui I like to know if.

57:23 - Felix sometimes you can see even on discord sometimes answer question answers coming in astin and sometimes you can see the momentums o three four people are online right now and they're giving themselves backing beautiful set on this quarter though it's not recorded right and it's some our g ring as well I would say.

57:42 - Vanessa Cardui But also things like shared documents and things like that. They are all my awards. They are a kind of gathering, I think.

57:52 - Felix Lees.

57:53 - Vanessa Cardui I just, I mean, I suppose you know, it's semantics, it's a definition thing, but I think when we're considering do we gather often enough, maybe we need to look at whether asynchronous practices can kind of replace some of the temporal gathering that we do because there's a lott of meetings and it could get overwhelming for people.

58:18 - Peter Elfrink But then shouldn't we like concretely make the question more like do we have enough meetings or do we do enough work during our outside of meetings?

58:27 - Vanessa Cardui Well, that's a whole other thing, isn't it, like is a meeting a working meeting or a sort of getting together thing?

58:34 - Peter Elfrink go for gathering.

58:36 - Vanessa Cardui When you ask do we gather often enough, it's like, what are we, what kind of gatherings do we mean? Work meetings like this or, or what else, you know?

58:44 - Tevo Saks I would actually like to keep that as broad. And it was amazing that you brought up like our synchronous meetings and I think it should fall under that. And that's why we having this context analysis of these questions to elaborate. So we have a bit of context before we all answer those questions in our metrics. And that would include both synchronous and asynchronous way. Because it's actually what you mentioned, like having gathering in document in a way that we still put our energy just in different times and in future we may still come back to because and we kind of learn together because you, we both looked at the same results.

59:26 - Stephen QA-DAO Tivo. This was sauced from door. Yeah, this if you look back where he may think he's. I mean, because Dol refers to the volunteer principles on the concept of liveliness, like the liveliness of a community, okay, and that can mean a few things like how engaged, not just how many people are engaged in a community, but how well they are engaged in the community. And as Vanessa Ma mentioning, you can have, you can get to a point where you, you have like a meeting culture can emerge where you know, and that can be overwhelming for some people.

1:00:03 - Stephen QA-DAO That's why the, the asynchronous thing is not just a way of doing is a sign of how lively the community is for example so if you can recall back a year or two a cats when people were coming into the discord server it was important to greet them you know to answer questions and we all know that here you know because that is also part of the liveliness how we gather of our community and encouraging onboarding so that's how I see it as well.

1:00:43 - Tevo Saks Next one, How will we have organized our reputation building? How do we understand that question, Tano?

1:00:58 - cran how well have organized a reputation building? I would just say the process from start to finish, like people having an understanding what their reputation system is, what type of impact that could have.

1:01:31 - Tevo Saks You might be wants that.

1:01:39 - Peter Elfrink No, I feel this touches on which task gives. Differences in tasks and reputation as well. Say there needs to be, but that's what the question suggests to me.

1:02:01 - Tevo Saks Ask.

1:02:05 - Peter Elfrink like in a way, if all tasks have the same reputation impact, then by definition, the reputation building is organized well, I would say.

1:02:17 - Vanessa Cardui the chat. Also, I think it was um, Crown who said that there's, there's issues with, privacy and how, how that is connected. So sort of feels like that might be an issue that needs to be included in thinking about reputation building. So Yeah, I mean it's kind of covered by do people understand what the reputation system is and what impact it will have, but do they also understand where they stand on privacy with it I think would be included.

1:02:53 - cran Yeah, it is, it is interesting and maybe not quite linked to this conversation, but people's knowledge on You're receiving rewards or reputation and things of that nature. Just how linked and available in public your wallet is on certain chains, especially like Cardano. Until tools are created to, you know, have some form of zero knowledge or anything like that, I'd hate to see a future where I have an augmented reality app and I'm walking down the street and I can tell if somebody's a good boy or a bad boy in what their whole history is on the Internet.

1:03:28 - cran That would be quite dystopian. So I'm hoping for reputation system within the Ambassador program and as neat as a whole doesn't get too dystopian.

1:03:42 - Felix Maybe we can rephrase the question How can we best build reputation models?

1:03:51 - Tevo Saks No, we are not going to do it here. This would be If the signal would be, well, our reputation sucks, we haven't even started. Then we make a question, okay, how do we build it? And right now. These questions to me, and the way I established that was more in the context of sensing what would be needed to do and where we already Enough, I would say. Sorry to push back on you.

1:04:24 - Vanessa Cardui I'm sorry, can I just. It feels like it kind of might be about education as well, because we're saying, do people know, whatever the situation is, do people understand? So it feels an educational thing.

1:04:37 - Tevo Saks Do people understand what is reputation system? Would that be covering what you mentioned or that's different?

1:04:47 - Vanessa Cardui Yeah, yeah, I think so, yeah, But just seeing in the chat the comment that Steven has just made about contribution versus reputation, that's another thing that I think people would want. To see whether people understood and in terms of how well have we organized our reputation building. Have we organized a contribution approach rather than a reputational approach?

1:05:15 - Tevo Saks That's good point.

1:05:19 - Stephen QA-DAO It's also a fundamental point of the protocol, so it's a big question.

1:05:39 - Tevo Saks My head is not capable of computing that. What you just said, so it actually we do We have, we are focusing on contribution, but this reputation was brought up, but somewhat, our contribution will add up to reputation, so it is a bit of behind. Education. And if we are already having questions here, then we kind of know that we are very far from using our contributions to prove outside our reputation. But moving on, how clear is our crowd pack. Tomy, how do you understand that question?

1:06:31 - Tommy Frey Well, I think that we discussed this earlier and you explained it pretty succinctly. You know the onboarding, the numbers, quantifying it, and I would say there should be some quality established in that also. As you've done with the veteran translators, you've elevated it. Kenichi has done somewhat the same with his his different levels, scribbler, et cetera. So I I think how you explained it earlier really laid it out.

1:07:13 - Vanessa Cardui I might be because I don't know if I understand exactly what a growth factor is fully, but is there something about flexibility? Just, you know, from a project management of any kind of context, you often pivot, often to rethink. Is that built into your growth plan or whatever?

1:07:46 - Peter Elfrink I think uh, Tommy is still kind of the, generally accepted knowledge that we're building the best and pro a bested program the world, so that quality is definitely covered already.

1:08:00 - Tommy Frey Well said, my friend, well said.

1:08:06 - Tevo Saks final I have question have we established good environment to connect and share meaning? Steven mentioned on previous notion that there is a liveness in meetings and as at this court dialogue is also lively. Although you mentioned it as to be gathered often enough, I feel like this is going down to this environment site to Kind of having to shared meaning in the way we are doing things. But Steven, do we have some other views?

1:08:43 - Stephen QA-DAO Now I did frame that as a question like, Are we lively? Not. Not that we are lively, I'm not saying we're not lively, but you know, so. And that is related to, yeah, our culture, I and You and yes, we are establishing a good culture. I'm not, you know, that's the impression. But it's something to keep an eye on, I suppose.

1:09:08 - Tevo Saks I be established. Good culture, that's greatly all right, educating each other. So now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna duplicate bunch of these. Numbers, then I'm going to turn in voting. Do I trust you all? Or we have to do them all separately? Be handled more about voting in a way that I will give Now. Everybody. Won six votes. You're only allowed to vote one per row.

1:09:54 - Peter Elfrink Let's see if we can manage. If we can, it saves a lot of time. If we can't, it doesn't cost that much time.

1:10:01 - Tevo Saks All right, give everybody 3 min. And it will give you a marbo botting, and For now we have four people on again. For who? You already escaped the horrors of this page. Want to kind chip to the collective. Voting Although in summit we did learn that we should do less and less voting, I still feel like it's a great way to visualize our situation. If you have any questions about the color coding or. Something you can always let me know. So you have one vote for each row. If you see than seven in one row, somebody It fucked up.

1:11:45 - Tevo Saks And if you needed more time, let me know. Right now, there is 1 min to go.

1:11:59 - Felix How do recall this hacking Austin At 1st Having a session to educate, introduce everybody to the decision making topics. Then the two thing holds an a miracle wil recording it.

1:12:17 - Tevo Saks call it the activity.

1:12:26 - Felix decision making. Pm. Finish account, wrote.

1:12:53 - Tevo Saks Be possible.

1:12:54 - Vanessa Cardui can do. It's just me.

1:13:00 - Tevo Saks Have a slow marbo then and you need to wait until that the voting pops up to you and if you start moving around, it actually then creates it even more issues.

1:13:12 - Vanessa Cardui Oh know, the voting has popped up, but it's just when I try to click on what I'm voting for, it's just grinding. It's not There's nothing anybody can do. It's May not you?

1:13:27 - Felix No, no, that there can be actually one really simple thing be done because you run the voting session.

1:13:31 - Tevo Saks I take the new report.

1:13:36 - Felix You run the vote right now on this mess of my re board where a lot of content is on actually. If you go for voting, then maybe set up our own decision making board for this.

1:13:45 - Vanessa Cardui That's a good point. Yeah.

1:13:48 - Felix so there's not a lot of data only for the specific course let's say for example like in this core and then we can just pull it back into a link into your master.

1:14:04 - Tevo Saks Nesa was the only one not voting. Gonna share screen. Six people voted and we have seven votes of Rotary. What happened.

1:14:21 - Vanessa Cardui That was me.

1:14:22 - Tevo Saks Okay, so we,

1:14:24 - Vanessa Cardui It registered one vote for me and then started.

1:14:27 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, there's a couple of rows with seven foods, right?

1:14:31 - Tevo Saks then it is okay. Seven With S max,

1:14:37 - Peter Elfrink all of them

1:14:38 - Tevo Saks but if, oh yeah, we have two rows, it's seven on Esa.

1:14:44 - Vanessa Cardui Maybe it just, I don't know.

1:14:48 - Tommy Frey I think every row hass seven.

1:14:53 - Felix Seven people voted there should be seven votes on Ne.

1:14:55 - Tevo Saks Okay, maybe Hm.

1:15:03 - Felix Votes on the whole thing rows with seven votes each.

1:15:15 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I don't know, I'm just confused now, but what we can see is a very Well, without see a nap of where we are and clearly we are crop packed is our weakest link. The strongest links are who we gather often enough and some people are still be started. There are want to meet even more in process code, which could be reasonable. And the reputation, of course, is heavily. Everybody agrees here. So the most interesting, I guess, is to see where we align the most. It's funny that we are able to Progress is being made in our repetitions are organized, but they are still not established, so unclear.

1:16:29 - Tevo Saks Well, that is something to go wrong of Does anybody want to share the final well? We did have This is Royal here like live V Tmo or Suman platform. Does anybody want to go through that too, or shall we? Solid? Today.

1:16:55 - TheFreysDeFi I think it makes sense to go through something quickly.

1:17:00 - Tommy Frey I I have a question. Tongue and cheek is, how many reputational points are we getting for this?

1:17:09 - Tevo Saks one point five so one hundred fifty ins Actually, that's a good point. I will create a screenshot of you people. Last time I forgot that and I just taste of my memory. Try to create e task.

1:17:35 - Peter Elfrink Checking you were just kidding, right or not?

1:17:39 - Tommy Frey Well, me, yeah, I was just I, I was just kidding because of the conversation. I, I had no idea that an hour was worth a hundred gambles. I just learned something. But that's why I said, I said a tongue and cheek after the discussion, so, so I, I, I am now more educated than when I. We started this, so thank you.

1:18:11 - Tevo Saks They shall mo. And now if you would have added tokenomics on that and naming the maybe would have seen that. How interesting that poor. To thought it's perfect and who are to who thought it's like somewhat in fab even started situation. And then we maybe have seen like again, like insight that tools who are new have a different perspective for tools who have been long, or maybe they are mixed, but there is a tension. Like you actually what stan di like E who we Because we have a very small data set and it can be skewed quite easily than

1:19:04 - Tommy Frey I'm sorry, I was gonna say and I think the more important question or issue here, table for The guild to work on is which is the most important question out of them.

1:19:36 - Tevo Saks Everybody gets three votes. 1 min. Vo per sticky and if you're on marrow boot you have no option to vote on range sticky Note You have three votes. To do that, choose your top three questions which are most important for process coil or in general like not even process Cod, but general to be answered and to be the factual question that every Co should. Is it the most important like or is it missing but What to start if if it was like a totally new good, I'm actually gonna give one more meal because it took so much time to explain.

1:21:06 - cran Sorry, could you explain what the votes for again?

1:21:11 - Tevo Saks you choose which are most important questions for every school to Look at.

1:21:18 - cran Nice, nice, thank you.

1:21:24 - Tevo Saks If you're totally starting a new cold. What are the top three ations? You should start to establish yourself and then. In time. Well, clear. Environment and connection with the community. Rest of them are in all over the place, I would say, and nobody cares to beth enough. Not as distinctly.

1:22:23 - Felix This is really interesting actually, because when you look on the 1st result, the only extreme which we arrived was exactly in this question where two people said It's oversaturated. By this one. Now you have a validation again on it. Nobody voted it because everybody seated, satisfied already. People only vote on the stuff which is important to them. Where we see art, this is not fixed yet. Having the theory then of follow up, what actually this was really good, a great.

1:23:02 - Tevo Saks Well regarding the growth back and onboarding The cool thing is Treasury, cooled from Swarm and plus runout from Done. Collectively, we will be doing process modeling and This week I will be, tomorrow I will be Sharing, scheduling, Establish the work group. With other vendors who are interested doing process mapping, and then we can move a bit faster and not spend process school time to do the process modeling, but already have it being done, but still be able to compute new discussions, new experiments in this process school.

1:23:54 - Tevo Saks Well, today, how will Then close it, and we had a great time. We were able to learn something. We were able to test some voting card, some tew tasks. See you. Tomorrow. Authority of you.

1:24:24 - Peter Elfrink Sorry, quick check. The worst for is, going for, checking out the I forgot the name of the protocol. Protocol.

1:24:31 - Tevo Saks Hi suman suman plata. My day is done, so I will stay around. Rosa, are you here telling you? Pick it up. Whoever has the access to Suman.

1:24:58 - Peter Elfrink Mac.

1:24:58 - TheFreysDeFi Ro show you here.

1:25:05 - Rojo I try to create a pool. I think they have a problem right now with the platform, so perhaps we can do it, tomorrow maybe, but uh, yeah, we cannot do it now, I guess.

1:25:20 - Felix Don correct your Pope.

1:25:21 - Tommy Frey Yeah, I think that they're working hard on getting live for tomorrow. So perhaps at the At the,

1:25:26 - Rojo They're probably pushing some stuff to the

1:25:29 - Tommy Frey at the end, depends on how long we, we go on the governance framework and the discussion of the summit tomorrow, perhaps at the end of strategy, we can, look at some in Rah.

1:25:43 - Rojo Sounds great. Look forward to it.

1:25:52 - Tevo Saks I'm gonna stop recording. Thanks for and everybody, thanks for watching this. If you made it so far, you're a true believer and if you participated you are pay and believer and seee you in the next call. Technically, I stop recording. I have a question about these. Questions on the right side are why are the different? Call Are these improved versions? Yeah, okay, how to best organize? Yeah, okay, these are better worded questions.

1:26:44 - Tommy Frey Rahul. Are you still here, Peter? Peter has a Peter has a very pertinent question about doing it before incubation.

1:26:48 - Rojo Yeahp couldn't hear that. Sounds good. I mean, hopefully there will be enough ambassadors and I will set up, I will set up the poll beforehand just to make sure it's working. I'll probably also text uh, the people from there just to, you know, to see if it's gonna be working any soon. Yeah, we can do it definitely.

1:27:14 - Tommy Frey if figure about a half hour should be plenty of time to roll everybody through it.

1:27:15 - Peter Elfrink Oh.

1:27:22 - Rojo Yeah,

1:27:22 - Tommy Frey Okay,

1:27:22 - Rojo more than no.

1:27:22 - Tommy Frey so if we meet a half past, or a half hour before incubation, we should be able to cover it. Does that sound good in your schedule,

1:27:31 - Rojo Ite sounds great.

1:27:32 - Tommy Frey Peter and everybody

1:27:36 - Peter Elfrink It is not.

1:27:38 - Stephen QA-DAO Does include vote with voting systems.

1:27:42 - Tommy Frey Well, yeah, the platform summon hass a voting system on it, especially it resounds with. Felix's small cell system. Because you can have, you know, each little work group have their own voting capability. It does have a multi Sig wallet, so it takes into the question that Tivo raised today about budget and money. Has community and being that it's new, they're going to, you know, if we put in a request like I asked them Can you replace Dw or one diverse or any of the other platforms?

1:28:20 - Tommy Frey Can they work something in there? And their answer is yeah, request it, we'll work on it. And they got a pretty good team behind it. Clarity I don't know is a very good team behind it too, and I haven't looked at it since they started, started before they got their Catalyst funding. So I don't know how far along they Four.

1:28:42 - Rojo for clarity, I just, I just submitted the form to get like our uh, demo, kind of platform over there. I will be testing it as well and I guess as we're looking at some and I can try the other one, we can do a vote in there as well and then I guess we will have like a fair view on which one works better and uh, yeah, we will go from there.

1:29:09 - Tommy Frey And and I think based on what happened, you know, last Friday, we may be looking at a larger picture. Peter I don't know what Sing Dao has in mind for management. And and I think that's something we, we should take into consideration.

1:29:27 - Peter Elfrink I'm not sure if I understand it correct correctly, but they have in mind for management.

1:29:34 - Tommy Frey For organizing a tooling, whatever, whatever, you want to call it a platform.

1:29:40 - Peter Elfrink Oh, like that. Well, I mean, Will you sway initially for ideation? Just as for deep funding, and we also use that for, the previous governance round of deep funding and also for, loyalty rewards, community governance. So yeah, for, for that we'll use it, but that's just short term, like we're not locked in, in any tooling, absolutely.

1:30:08 - Rojo I think, head of, also we have to consider that singularity that has its own in house kind of, on chain voting system kind of, I mean. It is not as developed as the others for example some in or clarity but they do have like an in house thing in my opinion they will probably keep it that way they will build on that like for example dashboard and data analysis and all these things they'll probably build on the on chain voting system they have but I don't see them like immigrating to like I don't know maybe if it develops enough maybe but because of the duality that they have between like tokens on different chains it will be very hard to accommodate them any soon on any platform so I guess yeah they have to kind of follow the their their way basically.

1:31:04 - Peter Elfrink Well, we do have the like with the wallet linking stuff. Theoretically we can integrate that. Tom What easy with a platform, but it would be custom integration. That's, that's very true.

1:31:20 - Tommy Frey So then, perhaps we should look deeper into sway for for our platform.

1:31:26 - Peter Elfrink Honestly, I don't think so because basically from side we're trying to kind of, well. Stay on s way How to put it.

1:31:43 - Rojo We don't have access to the, you know, the, the tooling that is used for vote, you know, the Linkin wallet thing, we do not have access to it and we don't have enough dev. Dev manpower to actually run it. So it doesn't make sense for us to kind of move that way. So we are better off using a platform, I think.

1:32:06 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, I think so too,

1:32:06 - TheFreysDeFi Yes.

1:32:06 - Peter Elfrink but I do think Experimentation Ambassador program is doing will also be valuable to seat sin come down and sin come do later on, or, or deep funding at that. Like if, if we manage to get a, to find a, a proper working tool, that's the most important.

1:32:22 - Tommy Frey And that's what we're looking for. Yeah, I mean. We can go to other, I mean we can go to the Cosman Chain too and look at Dow Dow and some of the things they have over there, but I don't know how that would handle the tokens or, you know, there's a lot of others out there.

1:32:40 - TheFreysDeFi And I think Summons got some pretty good tooling and just the open ended for the team offering to develop tools we request for us is pretty powerful.

1:32:51 - Rojo I mean guys, just to give you a small like drop from what we can do. What we can do so far is that we can, we can actually do the voting based on Nf rules. So that would be like, okay, you are part of a certain work group, so you get an Nf of that work group. Therefore you can vote on that work group. But we can also add a 2nd filter or a 2nd weight which is based on fungible tokens. So we can give your vote a certain weight. So that could be task points. So the higher your test points, the higher your vote in Pow.

1:33:26 - Rojo So we can actually like have multiple filters, multiple weights to a vote. Like it's a really powerful system so far and especially that it's on chain and all. Like I really think it could serve us much, especially that they keep on adding stuff on top of it. So I I guess it's a really good start, but we will see in the demo for sure.

1:33:50 - Tommy Frey Okay, so Rahul, you set it up, in, in discord half hour before.

1:33:58 - Rojo For sure, I will contact them now and see what they what they will say.

1:34:02 - Tommy Frey Okay, beautiful.

1:34:03 - Peter Elfrink One more questions.

1:34:03 - Tommy Frey Well, tomorrows day launch, I'll be careful with that.

1:34:07 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, that's, that's, I can answer for them already. That's like any day, but today likely. But um, that's fine in itself, Like we're not, You know, we're not tied to specifically one day, but a quick question, if I may, the Ambassador N Ft sent out earlier, is that what's being used or is it some other Nf? Because I, I didn't, that wasn't clear to me. You were mentioning it on something,

1:34:35 - Tevo Saks She is about it.

1:34:36 - Peter Elfrink but I didn't receive anything, so I'm confused there.

1:34:42 - Tommy Frey Well, I, I think Rahul meant uh the ambassador um n ft that he sent out if you didn't David If you didn't it, that, that's problematic,

1:34:54 - Peter Elfrink Agreed, but I do have that.

1:34:58 - Tommy Frey okay?

1:34:58 - Peter Elfrink No, that's, that's cool. I just understood it was like a separate, freshly sent over the weekend type of thing, which I couldn't find.

1:35:04 - Rojo No, it's like, yeah, there is so far there is just a classical one that I sent before,

1:35:10 - Peter Elfrink Awesome.

1:35:10 - Rojo for experimentation basically.

1:35:12 - Peter Elfrink Oh, I'm so proud I'm gonna, yeah, there's, it's so a bit annoying that the greet is uh,

1:35:20 - Tommy Frey a ro hoo just spitball on here if they're too busy to do a demo and they're going live tomorrow and we've already done the demo and there's no cost except if they do a snapshot, which I don't think we needed to have done. Couldn't we just go on main net and set up a platform.

1:35:43 - Rojo We are on main net. I was talking about mainnet because we cannot seee our Nfs on Testnet.

1:35:52 - Tommy Frey Well taken point. Take.

1:35:53 - Peter Elfrink Hi, this is the 1st time in my life I'm showing that's there.

1:35:58 - Rojo Yeah, just for clarification, the, the poll that we will do tomorrow is on Main Net, we are actually on Main Net now. It's a demo account on Main Net. Yeah, just to be clear,

1:36:09 - Tommy Frey Whose wallet was that? Was that Peters?

1:36:12 - Rojo I guess so,

1:36:12 - Peter Elfrink Yep.

1:36:13 - Rojo yeah.

1:36:13 - Tommy Frey Oh, so the the N Ft was there. Did you see it?

1:36:18 - Peter Elfrink Yes.

1:36:19 - Tommy Frey You're such a Dgen you got so many N Fts that you want you couldn't even find it.

1:36:24 - TheFreysDeFi You know, I'm pretty jealous about your guys n Fts now. You know, I got a little Fomo over here.

1:36:29 - Rojo You will get yours very, very soon. As long as this works, hopefully it will work and then I'll make sure, most people working on work groups and stuff get their Nfs, I will also update the Ambassador Nfs because uh, yeah, some of the metadata in there is kind of redundant, so uh, yeah.

1:36:50 - Tommy Frey Yeah P Peter, What's the Number on Your N Ft. I got double o seven. What happened, man?

1:37:01 - Peter Elfrink I think it is.

1:37:02 - Rojo I thought you were the James Bond of the group, so I just gave that up.

1:37:08 - Tommy Frey You deserve number one. Someday I'm I'm gonna tell you about my experience going on a cruise. It was a Dutch cruise ship. My wife booked the penthouse for us which is room zero zero one the dutchmen or all the these tall dutchmen with the long Probus, or all the officers, and I dress like a bum. So there's a special um dining room just for the sweet holders like o o one to oh twenty six or something like that my wife and I walk in to go into this this dining room and the tall Dutchman says, Excuse me, sir, you can't come in here.

1:37:57 - Tommy Frey This is a special dining room for you know the sweet holders and I said yes I know that and he's kind of slouched his shoulders are down a little bit he's looking down his nose at me because I'm five eleven in my best day and he's six foot six I said, but I thought this was for sweet holding. Well, do you have a reservation? He says, Sir. And I said I didn't think the sweet holders needed a reservation. He stands up a little bit straighter, and he says, Well, well, what room are you in? What's what sweet are you in, sir?

1:38:31 - Tommy Frey And I very slowly And meticulously say, Well, I'm in Suite Zero. And he stands up a little straight or not much because there's X number of rooms and I say zero. He stands up straighter cause now there's only nine suites left, which means I'm in the top 10 %. And I said one and I held my finger up like that. The G, the guy snapped to attention, clicked his heels and said Mr. Fry and Mrs. Fry right this way. I didn't tell him my name. Zero zero one Peter l frink is very important.

1:39:12 - Peter Elfrink Nice. Yeah, awesome.

1:39:15 - Tommy Frey Sorry to sorry to bore you but that's how important zero zero one is.

1:39:16 - Peter Elfrink No, I am. I'm definitely proud of it. It's. Yeah, awesome. O honestly, all my Nfs, I'm, I'm, I'm very happy with this. This is for the commemorating the, the Cardano summit, which was awesome. So having actually having an Nf T, I don't have the Don Ethereum, I have a bunch of stuff, but they're all nonsense and like the Cardano, and if these are all cool.

1:39:51 - Rojo there is, there is something that is coming actually very soon on. So I made this Nfs on uh, n Ft. Maker Uh, it's a platform and I'm waiting for actually a protocol to be integrated which is a cip zero sixty eight and that's gonna be mind blowing uh that's gonna be updatable n fts with very very low fees and that's gonna be very useful and uh really cool really really cool.

1:40:18 - Tommy Frey Well I, I have an end maker, C plane. If you'd like to mint that on my wallet, it'll be even less, less cost. But Peter and Roh, do you guys have C Tv n Fts? If if you If you send me your your wallets in in Dm your your wallet address, I will send each of you a common Cv. In itself isn't worth a lot. They're only they're going for about five to ten eight right now. But it'll introduce you to a whole investment ecosystem.

1:40:58 - Rojo I, I really like what they're doing actually, like I think they're getting like some baskets of uh, tokens and stuff like that, Yeah.

1:41:05 - Tommy Frey correct and you get to vote on it. And if you send me your wallet address and I'll send you each a comment, I have, I have a few. And it's, it's, if you like investing in tokens and You know, they, they just took for some reason, I fought it, but they just took Rej off of their token investment list. They only, they do ten tokens every epic and they add one, remove one, or don't. Make a change depending on what the community feels. So they took Rej off and um, put in um, Lq. I think because Lq is going through some they're down sixty eight percent or something like that.

1:41:51 - Rojo It's quite dawn, actually.

1:41:53 - Tommy Frey There's something going to happen. According to, we have there a of people with insight information in this, which makes it very interesting. And you learn stuff like how, how to min swap, how to farm in Min Swap and and how to use a couple of the other ecosystems. There's educational stuff in there, so it's pretty good, so I'll send you those and later tonight when I get to it. If you put your, your addresses in there, have fun with it. It's just, it's a nice place. You'll start spending some, you'll start buying some more, vaults as they're called, so, so the one I send you or they only emit one c tv a day but there's jewels jewel vaults there's five different kind of vaults and the jewels emit to one hundred cvs a day and cvs are worth point zero o three five today or something like that it's It is a cool,

1:42:56 - Rojo That.

1:42:58 - Tommy Frey it's a cool system and it, and we're looking at, there's discussion in the community to invest in a um Earth node right now. We're we're looking at putting together an investment pool for that.

1:43:14 - Rojo I really love how like this. Collaborative effort of investment just becomes like wild after a certain point. You can invest in things that an individual normally cannot, like like an earth knot, which is very expensive, but

1:43:30 - Tommy Frey Hey, uh roh. Don't send it to me here and this, I can't delete this, but send it to me. Me and my Dm, not, not here. You put your address here.

1:43:39 - Rojo For sure,

1:43:40 - Tommy Frey I can't,

1:43:41 - Rojo for sure, for sure.

1:43:42 - Tommy Frey yeah, I won't do anything with that one. If you can if you can undo it, undo it but send it to me in my personal head L or whatever it is.

1:43:51 - Rojo Most of our addresses are already public, but yeah, yeah, I can delete it from this W.

1:43:56 - Tommy Frey Okay, and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Peter, make sure you eat, it's getting dinner time for you.

1:44:03 - Peter Elfrink It's eleven. I already ate.

1:44:05 - Tommy Frey Oh yeah, well then you gotta have a midnight snack.

1:44:10 - TheFreysDeFi Peter always working,

1:44:11 - Peter Elfrink Apple mo it.

1:44:12 - TheFreysDeFi always moving. I'll talk to you guys tomorrow.

1:44:15 - Tommy Frey Good night,

1:44:16 - Peter Elfrink Have a good one.

1:44:16 - Tommy Frey goodbye. Good day. Thank you.

1:44:19 - Rojo Bye bye yeah.