---
description: Mon 10th Feb - Sun 16th Feb 2025
---

# Week 07

## Tuesday 11th February 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, AshleyDawn, Effiom, Tevo, évéline trinité, esewilliams, LordKizzy, guillermolucero, kenichi
- **Purpose:** Weekly Governance WG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [“Budget caps for Q2” discussion](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kVd_4Ih-lSdMoIcmVeOS3_H3aqOdnMmMG6o1WqGTx1w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [DRAFT process for how to use the "New Ideas" budget](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aVbnw64oax_Il8NAVgxgQ7_-oWx4K_DkwRbY41QJU8s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program Budget Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance WG Q4 2024 report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hodB7gcG0JkJxlvAGs15mDtYmzReuLNPvuGE9UDUgE4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GovWG budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DeUB6ytoOeG6SOHwhJxe-vII_mXmkjdxG1iD-f5B2Sc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context setting for Core Contributor decision on Q1 2025 budgets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fyZZLDqeeoDanbzyY7c9m7sy_hU5w9v5niuR4m521ms/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program Core Contributors criteria](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13uPKVnooFowpoxRBZJH71iIbHUyoOokdn_RCDvp_RHI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Low attendance at first, but people drifted in gradually.

We assigned some tasks RE the Q2 budget decision (publicity and context-setting material, admin such as drafting consent form, plus this WG's own budget and Q1 2025 report)

We discussed what context-setting material is needed, and realised that we need material aimed at WGs to help them formulate their reports and budgets, as well as https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fyZZLDqeeoDanbzyY7c9m7sy_hU5w9v5niuR4m521ms/edit?usp=sharing which is aimed at Core Contributors to inform them about the consent process.

We discussed how to fit the GovWG budget to our budget cap. We noted that because we have been operating close to the minimum level of activity that would be meaningful for the WG, there is not much room to make cuts. We are unwilling to reduce meetings, or to rely on Peter (who doesn't take payment) facilitating all meetings. 
We also noted that this discussion has a bearing on the question of WG minimum budgets, as outlined in the “Budget caps for Q2” discussion doc here https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kVd_4Ih-lSdMoIcmVeOS3_H3aqOdnMmMG6o1WqGTx1w/edit?usp=sharing
and we noted that the approach we decided on (using WG reserves to cover any shortfall, and stating on our budget sheet which items will be covered this way) is a useful approach and should be included in the guidance we are writing for other WGs.

We briefly discussed the 'DRAFT process for how to use the "New Ideas" budget' doc, but noted that there was not time to fully cover the issue. We briefly discussed the merits of a voting process versus a consent process for agreeing proposals to use the New Ideas budget. We agreed the proposed process will be finalised in the next Governance meeting on Thurs 13th Feb; and once finalised, it will be submitted as a Treasury Policy.



#### Discussion Points:
-  Publicity materials for Q2 2025 budget submission and decision process
- Context-setting materials for the Q2 2025 budget process
- Automation of process of calculating who is a Core Contributor

- How to make cuts to the GovWG budget, and using WG reserves to cover any shortfall
- Creating policy on how to use the New Ideas budget

- 


#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to write a context-setting doc for WGs giving guidance on writing their Q1 reports and Q2 budgets, It will be advisory only at this stage, and should suggest that: 
1) any WG that is unhappy with its budget cap should address this in its Q1 report, and demonstrate why they need more
2) WGs should show in their budgets anything that they intend to take from their WG reserves
3) Where relevant, WGs should include some sort of changelog from their previous Quarter's budget to show what they have changed.

  - [**rationale**] Because these things have emerged from Governance discussions over the Quarter, and we need to ensure all WGs are aware of them.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed to cover any shortfall in our own Q2 budget by taking from our WG reserves
  - [**rationale**] Beause this is preferable to reducing the number of meetings, reducing payment for e.g. faciliattion and documentation (which, at $20, is already quite low compared to other WGs) or relying on Peter to facilitate all meetings.
- We agreed to finalise the process for using the New Ideas budget in the next meeting (Thurs 13th Feb), and then submit it as a Treasury Policy
  - [**rationale**] so that it can be formally ratified, or not, using the established Treasury Policy process
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- As already agreed in a previous meeting, we confirmed that Core Contributor Criteria have been slightly changed 
  - [**rationale**] to make time recognition stricter, and contribution cost reduced to a fixed 300 USD instead of 1,000 AGIX (to account for token price fluctuation)
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Guillermo to create a timeline graphic for the Q2 budget decision, and an infographic to remind WGs to submit their budgets and reports by the deadline of 10th March [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 18 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to create an infographic to remind Core Contributors to take part in the consent process [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 6 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to adapt the existing Core Contributors' context-setting doc (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fyZZLDqeeoDanbzyY7c9m7sy_hU5w9v5niuR4m521ms/edit?usp=sharing) for the Q2 process [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 18 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to draft a second context-setting doc, aimed at WGs, giving guidance on writing their budgets and reports [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 18 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Peter to make a Discord post about the decisions that have already been made around the Q2 process (i.e. Budget caps will stay the same as for Q1; there WILL be a new ideas budget of 1,500 AGIX; there will be no new WGs with their own independent budgets) to ensure everyone knows [**assignee**] PeterE [**due**] 18 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to ensure that a new calculation on who is a core contributor is done by 7th March, to alloow time for people to be nominated before the consent forms open on 10th March. This calculation will be partially automated, and will be done using the revised criteria in the Ambassador Program Core Contributors criteria doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/13uPKVnooFowpoxRBZJH71iIbHUyoOokdn_RCDvp_RHI/edit?usp=sharing [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 7 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Peter to update Discord tags to reflect any changes to who is a Core Contributor [**assignee**] PeterE [**due**] 10 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kenichi to prepare the consent form for the Q2 budget decision, basing it on the one used for Q1 decision, and share it in the Governance meeting no later than Thurs 6th March [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 6 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LordKizzy to draft a new sheet in the Budget Planner for Q2 2025, no later than 6th March [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 6 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to draft the Q1 2025 quarterly report for GovWG and will bring it to a meeting to be signed off no later than 25th Feb [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 25 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to finish drafting the Q2 2025 budget, and bring it to  ameeting to be signed off no later than 25th Feb [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 25 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Tevo to update the Core Contributor Criteria doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/13uPKVnooFowpoxRBZJH71iIbHUyoOokdn_RCDvp_RHI/edit?usp=sharing to reflect the agreed changes, so they are not just comments. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 18 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q2 2025 budget, Q1 2025 report, core contributors, publicity, context-setting docs, budget minimums, timeline, infographic, WG reserves, New ideas, Treasury Policy
- **emotions:** decisive, focused, lots of tasks assigned
## Thursday 13th February 2025


### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, esewilliams, LadyTempestt, Evelyn, Sucre n Spice, Nebula
- **Purpose:** African guild biweekly meeting to discuss 
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
Introduction: Duke gave a warm welcome and noted that our meetings are now biweekly’s till this quarter ends. 

Update on Advance and Clement’s proposal: During the last meeting, the success of the proposal was highlighted. They are expected to depart very soon, in order to arrive in Ethiopia ahead of the day.
At the Ethiopia event they will serve as point men to help expand SingularityNET African community.

Marketing initiatives: Ese gave an overview of the initiative, she highlighted that it is going to be in three phase. 
Phase one, learning phase. This is when we gathering all the learning resources that have been created, create Africanized videos and post it on our social media and after every video there will be a short quiz to help foster engagement in our community.
Phase two,  teaching phase. This is when we partner with communities hubs across different regions and host a series of workshops with them.
Phase three, this is when we create journalistic content and share it across various channels in Africa.

Duke expressed his appreciation but encourage them to speed up the initiative.


Education and translation initiatives: Clement noted that we are currently creating materials and hopefully before the end of the month we should have the materials in English. He aslo said it not going to be a formal session, it is going to be like a movie session very interactive. 
Clement noted that the story we would tell will be a blend of ASI SingularityNET, AI and technology and Africa. Our aim is to educate people about the ecosystem, AI, technology but all within the African context.

Members collective: Duke raised the idea to bring back the members collective. Where members were encouraged to shared their thoughts and have it funded in other to advance the guild. Duke thought of bringing back this initiative for Q2.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ese to share the working document for the marketing initiative  [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 27 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** marketing initiatives, Collaboration, Documentation, African, research, education, translation initiatives, members collectives
- **emotions:** forward-thinking, Educative,  Collaborative

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Santos [**documenter**], AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, advanceameyaw, martinsoki, PeterE, Santos, Kateri, LordKizzy, AJ, CollyPride, Jocko wdd, Duke, Evelyn, osmium
- **Purpose:** AI Roundtable Discussion/Debate:Open source and closed source AI models
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK#16](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/10STkqa6z7OQWmn888h02BBdKR_dVxqe9uIXDz3TcOfQ/edit?usp%253Dsharing%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130784514%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw3GDzjtl2RRVCAciMBnlmwD&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790336&usg=AOvVaw2pIHParbdXMAogcvWmXcAE)
  - [THINK PIECES/ FEEDBACK ](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeaHNdmWPc29G0x4Ojy43wULUfRgYiSTfWnFtr8lVoObk_mjQ/viewform?usp%253Ddialog%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130784726%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw2s9f7zvnRdmBW2rVa6lQSK&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790448&usg=AOvVaw1tPFSE0GTMqimnouU0emwC)
  - [BLUEPRINT FOR AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130784893%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw1XZwJAL7eqrS2u5So0og3-&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790523&usg=AOvVaw19yfA7ArsUr420sewCulZ2)
  - [ROADMAP OF AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130785093%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw1sQMy0FMqryaOf43syuRD-&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790604&usg=AOvVaw2fiFWCOaiphVlTiQ9Lk6Zl)
  - [AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pgAs8NPzSgSFSjrm0y461KGAKutKIJpC25J5lNrh0ZQ/edit?usp%253Dsharing%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130785317%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw2Ehnb2otJ4ECrwa6Mp2Iwa&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790669&usg=AOvVaw3C1etC0PltWOiJibKOmNXF)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Meeting Coordination and Introduction: The meeting kicked off with lordkizzy going over the agenda of the meeting and he introduced the breaker session.
- Think pieces: Participants were urged to share their opinions on AI related topics anonymously on the think piece.
- AI think Tank (debate structure): The new breakout session was introduced with everyone having to choose, each either in favor of open source or closed source AI model  which lasted 20[mins]. This allowed members of each breakout to discuss their points and also pick their representative.
- AI Roundtable Discussion: We debated Open source vs Closed source AI Models with each AI model having its pros and cons. We narrowed our debate down to these key points;
- Innovation: We discussed which AI model drives more innovation with representatives giving their beliefs as well as their reasons.
- Security: The representatives from each side gave their views on what model seems to be more secure.
-Economic and Ethical Implications: Each representative stated their thoughts on the implications of each AI model on ethical and economic aspects with both representatives giving their reasons.
-Real-World Examples: Real world examples were used as well where representatives stated not just the success stories but also the failures as well.
-Future of Technology: The future of technology was also debated on with each representative trying to prove which could lead the future of technology


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] LordKizzy is to contact Malik about presenting on the next AI sandbox meeting [**due**] 20 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Malik is to present the next AI tool exhibition  [**due**] 20 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**]  Malik  [due] 20th February 2025[status] to do
- [action]  Advanceameyaw is to document the  next meeting [**due**] 20 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Open source, Closed source, AI Models
- **emotions:** Interactive, Educative, Productive, Welcoming