---
description: Mon 24th Feb - Sun 2nd Mar 2025
---

# Week 09

## Wednesday 26th February 2025

### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, esewilliams, FranklynStein, Gorga Siagian, LordKizzy, osmium, SubZero, hogantuso, maxmilez, Slate
- **Purpose:** Project Updates - Website presentation by Franklyn - Budget Discussion 
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate started the meeting welcoming everyone 
- The First topic of discussion was the project updates from AI for Beginners, on which ese briefly notified that there is still a missing SEO on which she has to work upon after that we need to work with the uploading 
- Then Franklyn presented the WIKI website in which the new feature of catalog was added for better navigation in the projects , He notified that we can directly import the Certification Dashboard in there either manually or live updating through API call 
- He also notified that he would be working on the video part which would be running in the background soon
- Then there was a decision making on how to proceed forward with the budget allocations on which everybody's consent was taken 
- Majority had the agreement on going with less project completion before taking more into account for delivering 

#### Decision Items:
- Majority had the agreement on going with less project completion before taking more into account for delivering 
  - [**rationale**] most agreed
  - [**opposing**] none
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Franklyn to work upon website  [**assignee**] FranklynStein [**due**] 26 February 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Clement to work upon the Quarterly Report  [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**due**] 5 March 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Ese to work upon the missing SEO and uploading  [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 5 March 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:**  Budget Allocation, Project Updates, Q2 2025 budget, low token price, wiki website, Q1 2025 quarterly report
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Businesslike.


## Thursday 27th February 2025



### WG Sync Call

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, CollyPride, Duke, advanceameyaw, osmium, AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, Sucre n Spice, kenichi
- **Purpose:** Monthly call for all Workgroups to discuss Program-wide issues
- **Working Docs:**
  - [‚ÄúBudget caps for Q2‚Äù discussion](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kVd_4Ih-lSdMoIcmVeOS3_H3aqOdnMmMG6o1WqGTx1w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program End of Year report - draft outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TxKxP9sDNgvKncAqO0F-UhZgoftMdDktaqbt50-h2XM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Workgroup syncing call feedback (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DYQb3U4AkXsxtOl7uHONFtfBkavicU1wleJskQKf5Ms/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [#01 _ Agenda Items MCLab _ 250225  (MeTTa Coder Lab program)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11zOzbWaDG6ND7IHDETNQrqsKcQOq1Xbm5KYXgYZ6YPA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [CONFLICT RESOLUTION FOR SINGULARITY NET AMBASSADORS](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1beMEt9XmPvHNaH08Rh5_taTI0QhHcyy15Q6XcXXDWUI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Which WGs are represented on the call?
- WG minimum budgets 
- Increasingly late meeting start times 
- Archives will not be checking meeting summaries in Q2 2025 
- What WG Sync calls should be about (results of Googleform)
- Ambassador Program End of Year Report 2024
- WGs that are not taking part?  
- MeTTa Coders Lab initiative 

#### Discussion:
1) Workgroups represented on the call: We asked in Chat and found the following groups are present
- Archives
- AI Ethics
- Onboarding
- Translation
- Writers
- Marketing
- R & D
- Moderators
- African Guild
- Governance
- Sandbox/Think Tank


2) WG minimum budgets - How to progress discussion on the idea, proposed in the "budget caps for Q2" discussion doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kVd_4Ih-lSdMoIcmVeOS3_H3aqOdnMmMG6o1WqGTx1w/edit?usp=sharing , that WGs should determine their minimum budgets - it was decided that Governance WG is the best place for this conversation, and that we should not actually discuss it in this meeting.

2) Increasingly late meeting start times: We recognised that it's difficult to fix without putting people off turning up at all. Suggestions included:
- If you're late, your participation will not be counted (but most people would not mind that);
- Start meetings at 5 mins past, regardless of who's present - of course this can't be enforced on WGs, but we could suggest it, and try it out in e.g. Governance, Town Hall, etc.

3) Archives WG will not be checking meeting summaries during Q2 - Meeting summaries are often inaccurate or garbled, and it is a lot of overhead to check and correct them. So for budget reasons *and* experimental reasons, Archives will stop doing this during Q2, and will simply approve and archive whatever is submitted. They will then test whether the graph RAG process they are developing is able to "fill in the gaps" and derive meaningful and accurate information from summaries in Q2. If yes, it will be helpful to know that our archiving system doesn't require accurate summaries; and if no, we can assess what kinds of errors matter.

4) Googleform responses on what WG Sync calls should cover: see https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DYQb3U4AkXsxtOl7uHONFtfBkavicU1wleJskQKf5Ms/edit?usp=sharing There were 5 responses, all quite different. Key points:

- Some issues with not knowing when the call is (we need to keep publicising it)

- Best uses of time include cross-WG collaborations; feedback, evaluation, and knowledge sharing; top-level planning, and assigning relevant people to go off and discuss issues in more detail; external speakers. 

- There was a suggestion of using the call for progress updates, but this was felt to be very similar to the monthly "WG Updates" Town Hall, so perhaps not useful.

- Should NOT be used for: Grievances/conflict resolution (we note that there is a process in place for that, see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1beMEt9XmPvHNaH08Rh5_taTI0QhHcyy15Q6XcXXDWUI/edit?usp=sharing , though it has never been used); Personal ideas; Decisionmaking and detailed planning; Issues that belong in Governance meetings. Note that some people in the meeting disagreed with some of these.

- Future wishes for the calls - several of these have already started to be done; the idea of expert training sessions in the call itself, and followup discussion afterwards, remains to be discussed. We note that a previous Governance session (9th Jan 2025, https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/singularitynet-archive/timeline/2025/january-2025/week-2#governance-workgroup-1) discussed how to encourage attendance from all WGs - there was a suggestion of rewards from Program reserves for WGs that attended all 3 meetings in a Quarter; although we noted that given current token price, this might not be something we still want to do. Nevertheless, we have recorded which WGs were present.

5) End of Year Report 2024 - we agreed a final date of Sunday 9th March to finish the report https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TxKxP9sDNgvKncAqO0F-UhZgoftMdDktaqbt50-h2XM/edit?usp=sharing, and WGs who have not added material will do so by Fri 7th to allow time for a final proofread. We also noticed that several WGs (Education, Gamers, Strategy) have not added material *and* have not been coming to WG Sync calls - are they feeling excluded or disengaged in any way, or facing barriers? We did not reach conclusions on how or whether to ask them.

6) MeTTa Coder Lab: This is intended as a "low-barrier-to-entry" way for people to learn MeTTa, and was originally a proposal in an RFP funding round, but was unsuccessful - so Guillermo is suggesting it as a cross-WG collaboration - education+ RND + AI SANDBOX +Onboarding plus any others who want to.  The proposal and other materials were shared and comments were invited. There will be meetings soon to discuss the collaboration and how to fund it. 


#### Decision Items:
- We will continue to publicise the WG Sync calls, and the agenda, in Discord - maybe a little further in advance than we have been doing.
  - [**rationale**] Because the survey indicated that some people are not aware when the call is, or what is on the agenda
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- RE late start to meetings: we will try starting calls such as Governance WG, Town Hall, etc no later than 5 minutes in, regardless of who is present, rather than waiting; and will publicise that we will be doing this. Then in the next WG Sync we will discuss whether it has helped.
  - [**rationale**] to see if it helps encourage people to arrive on time
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The question of how to approach WG budget minimums will be taken up in Governance WG
  - [**rationale**] because this call (WG Sync) doesn't feel like the best place for it due to time constraints
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed we will continue to capture which WGs are represented at the WG Sync Calls, but will decide at the end of the Quarter whether we want to go ahead with rewarding WGs who attend all 3 sessions, as agreed in Open Governance meeting on 9th Jan 2025 https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/singularitynet-archive/timeline/2025/january-2025/week-2#governance-workgroup-1
  - [**rationale**] Due to low token price
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Ambassador Program End of Year Report 2024 to be finished by end of day, Sunday 9th March. Anything not added by then, will not be used
  - [**rationale**] Because it is now well into 2025, so we need to finish it off
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] All to add comments on the MeTTa Coder Lab program doc #01 _ Agenda Items MCLab _ 250225 [**assignee**] all [**due**] 4 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** budget minimums, late start to meetings, Archives WorkGroup, Correcting errors in meeting summaries, Meeting Summaries, WG sync call purpose, conflict resolution, End of Year report, End of Year Report 2024, Participation in governance, participation, disengagement, Strategy Guild, Education Guild, Gamers Guild, MeTTa Coder Lab, cross-WG collaboration
- **emotions:** quiet, not many speakers, late start, positive, interesting

### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], CJFrankie [**documenter**], Duke, CJFrankie, advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh, esewilliams, Onize, Kateri, Iamnotblank, Benedicta Nelmon, Alfred Itodole, Emmanuel Grandison
- **Purpose:** Bi-weekly meeting of the African Guild
- **Working Docs:**
  - [SingularityNET Africa Community](https://t.me/+NzN4KY30apI5Y2M0)
  - [WG Communication](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fygdMec6JD2j1KJYBdPi9WhpbjqpibK14GX49OmTYgw/edit?tab=t.127y5qorgs7x#heading=h.dgwohtz6gi0c)

#### Narrative:
Intro: The weekly meeting of the African guild kicked off at 5:07 pm with a welcoming greeting from Duke. Before we began the meeting proper, Duke asked everyone how they‚Äôve been and what they‚Äôve been up to lately. Some members spoke about a few things they‚Äôve been working on. We also looked at the summary note from the last meeting, and everything looks good. However, Duke encourages documenters to always submit their summary promptly; he also emphasized the need for a standard font across all documentation. 

Q1 Marketing Initiatives: Ese Williams shared an update on the progress of the Q1 marketing initiative spearheaded by Ayo, Lady Tempestt, CJ, and her humble self. She hinted that the content outline/script for the first video was ready! She added that the shooting will commence soon. She also talked about shooting the video at Badagry (because it has African heritage and culture). ‚ÄúOnce the video is shot and edited, it will be published on all the social media platforms, Ese.‚Äù Duke encouraged the team to hasten their work because Q1 is almost drawing to a close.

Updates on the Ethiopian Trip: Clement shares his experience and thoughts about his trip to Ethiopia üá™üáπ with Advance Amayaw, ‚ÄúIt was quite interesting and unique. The event was held in Addis Ababa, where they interacted with individuals from other ecosystems, developers, and community managers. We also established partnerships, which will impact the African guild‚ÄîClement.‚Äù He also added that they engaged with African developers and some AI enthusiasts (students), and they spread the word about Deep Funding. Clement also said that it wasn‚Äôt easy for him and Advance to adapt to the Ethiopian dishes. 

Education and Translation Initiative: Clement gave a heads-up about these initiatives, hinting that the team is progressing towards making the series for the video content, and as a result, a video editor is needed. Thankfully, Eae showed interest in making the video! He spoke about how the initiative is poised to educate people about AI. For example, how AI can help farmers talk to the sky. Clement also mentioned that the video series will be hosted on GitHub for anyone to access. A few weeks ago, we talked about how we could set up a website and also host the series on learning platforms like Udemy. However, the token price has made us put a hold on that. 

Content Calendar: Advance Amayaw showcased a document in the meeting that highlights the collaborative efforts of all workgroups in the Ambassador Program. Its primary purpose is to coordinate social media content ideas, schedules, and updates. The goal is to ensure that all workgroups follow brand guidelines when creating content (graphics, videos, etc.) and to provide feedback and approvals on drafted posts to maintain quality and brand alignment.

Budget: As Q1 2025 draws to a close, the drafting of the Q2 budget has begun. Duke mentioned that the African Guild is reviving the Members Collective‚Äîan initiative that allows guild members to propose ideas for bootstrapping marketing efforts and expanding SNET‚Äôs reach across borders. The meeting concluded with Duke encouraging members to submit their proposals in hopes of securing funding to get the job done.

Highlights/Upcoming Events: Be on the lookout for phase 2 of the Ubuntu and AI series, as well as the marketing and translation initiatives and hackathon. As a matter of finality, the new people introduced themselves to the house; Alfred thanked the Duke for the warm welcome.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ese to shoot and edit the Q1 marketing initiative video and upload it across all the social media platforms.
 [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 31 March 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Ese should follow up with Clement about the education and marketing initiative.
 [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 31 March 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AMA session, Q2 Budget decision , marketing initiatives, Collaboration, Documentation,  Event, Hackathon, Contente Calendar, Ambassador program, brand guidelines, Ethiopia, community manager, AI developers, African, Video series
- **emotions:**  informative, interesting, welcoming, funny,  insightful

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Sandbox
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, advanceameyaw, martinsoki, PeterE, Santos, Kateri, LordKizzy, Samski NuNet, Jennifer Bourke, Bube Amadi, Andrew Ben, Zar, Hogan Robert, Emmanuel Grandison Adu-Gyamfi, Zalfred, Clement Umoh, CollyPride, osmium
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK#16](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/10STkqa6z7OQWmn888h02BBdKR_dVxqe9uIXDz3TcOfQ/edit?usp%253Dsharing%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130784514%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw3GDzjtl2RRVCAciMBnlmwD&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790336&usg=AOvVaw2pIHParbdXMAogcvWmXcAE)
  - [THINK PIECES/ FEEDBACK ](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeaHNdmWPc29G0x4Ojy43wULUfRgYiSTfWnFtr8lVoObk_mjQ/viewform?usp%253Ddialog%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130784726%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw2s9f7zvnRdmBW2rVa6lQSK&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790448&usg=AOvVaw1tPFSE0GTMqimnouU0emwC)
  - [BLUEPRINT FOR AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130784893%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw1XZwJAL7eqrS2u5So0og3-&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790523&usg=AOvVaw19yfA7ArsUr420sewCulZ2)
  - [ROADMAP OF AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130785093%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw1sQMy0FMqryaOf43syuRD-&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790604&usg=AOvVaw2fiFWCOaiphVlTiQ9Lk6Zl)
  - [AI SANDBOX/ THINK-TANK](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pgAs8NPzSgSFSjrm0y461KGAKutKIJpC25J5lNrh0ZQ/edit?usp%253Dsharing%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740362130785317%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw2Ehnb2otJ4ECrwa6Mp2Iwa&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740362130790669&usg=AOvVaw3C1etC0PltWOiJibKOmNXF)
  - [NuNet üåê (@nunet_global) on X](https://x.com/nunet_global/status/1895666442407985168?t=NfWBoZVKShjyaRqC3si86g&s=33)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- The meeting took off by LordKizzy welcoming everyone present.
- The discussion centered on the decentralized platform NUNET, my name is Jennifer and I am the marketing community leader here at NUNET. NUNET is a open source decentralized platform that's designed to create globally accessible and democratized network for computing power. likening its operation to Uber in how it matches supply and demand for computing tasks. NuNet optimizes the allocation of computational tasks across a peer-to-peer network, which eliminates bottlenecks and hopefully will reduce costs as well. So NUNET was designed to address the limitations of centralized cloud infrastructure, which is often expensive, restrictive, and controlled by a few large providers or players in the space. The orchestration layer of NUNET efficiently assigns workloads to devices, while blockchain technology ensures secure micro-payments, providing a flexible alternative to traditional cloud services, particularly beneficial for AI and IoT applications.

- Samski explained the structural differences between NUNET decentralized public cloud infrastructure and centralized public cloud infrastructure systems such as AWS Google, etcetera, they basically have private data centers with very specific hardware, operating systems and everything that runs on top of that is containerized or virtualized. He emphasized that NUNET allows for community-run data centers and operates on a peer-to-peer network, which contrasts with the centralized management and orchestration systems. Additionally, he noted the integration of blockchain technology for payment and security, further enhancing the decentralized nature of NUNET. He also discussed the complexities of the existing command-line interface for the Decentralized Management System (DMS) and the development of a more user-friendly appliance that integrates best practices for operating systems and security, which can be deployed on various hardware.
- Overview of DMS and Appliance Development
Samski explained that the DMS currently operates primarily through a command-line interface, which can be a barrier for users not accustomed to such environments. He detailed the functionalities, including workload specifications and deployment options, and emphasized the intention to develop an appliance that simplifies the user experience. This appliance will bundle essential utilities and security measures to enhance the management and monitoring of devices.
- Installation and Configuration of NUNET Appliance on Windows
Samski led a demonstration on installing the NUNET appliance on Windows, emphasizing the need to extract files and run the installer with administrative privileges. He addressed a question from Peter regarding Multipass defaulting to a drive with insufficient space, suggesting a solution involving creating a mount point. Vasu recommended using a Google Drive link for sharing the installation files. Samski provided an overview of the NUNET virtual appliance installation, showcasing the MultiPass GUI as a user-friendly interface. He detailed how users can manage the appliance through a shortcut that displays its status and allows for operations like starting and stopping. Additionally, he mentioned the installation of Docker and DMS, emphasizing the importance of obtaining a peer ID for network connectivity.
- Overview of Decentralized Encryption and Network Capabilities
In the demonstration, Samski showcased the process of joining the NUNET testnet and utilizing the Wormhole encryption tool to send and receive decentralized identifiers (DIDs). He highlighted the ability for users to authorize each other and bid on deployments while ensuring that only trusted organizations can run deployments on the network. This approach aims to maintain order and build trust within the community as the network develops.
- LordKizzy said a big thank you to the NUNET team, on behalf of the ambassador program, and also AI Sandbox community. So thank you for your valuable insights and basically educating us. And yeah, he would also love to have you guys on more of our sessions. Where we can look at the applications and also the use cases. LordKizzy raised questions for a feedback form where by members can write their issues faced while test running the application. Samski said there's an application form to join the NUNET program where by doing that, you can submit your DID and then join the NUNET organization. And as part of that whole process, there's a whole kind of support process around that. I think there's a blog post, if it's not going out today, then it's going out on Monday. There's a bunch of onboarding videos that basically goes through what I've just shown you here for Windows, Linux and Mac.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] LordKizzy is to contact Malik about presenting on the next AI sandbox meeting [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 17 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Malik is to present the next AI tool exhibition  [**assignee**] Malik [**due**] 20 February 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Advanceameyaw is to document the  next meeting [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 20 February 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** NuNet Town Hall, Nunet, decentralized encryption, decentralized public cloud infrastructure
- **emotions:** Interactive, Educative, Productive, Welcoming
## Friday 28th February 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], kareem, kenichi, Gorga Siagian, Eric Davies, Kateri, advanceameyaw, UknowZork, Jeffrey Ndarake, SubZero, Mikasa, hogantuso, CJFrankie, photogee, Malik, PeterE, esewilliams, Alfred Itodole, √âveline Trinit√©, Max Milez, osmium
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 Marketing Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/168pruRm203FI-hAQSaVQ3wuz62bdgKKoDnKSu7dYI-M/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Design Work Group(under marketing)](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/11S48I_jYovOB_Feyj0ZRVAdbmM8u1ztcbpCh7C1y-gY/edit?usp%253Dsharing%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740672236759656%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw0ZOENfBt_1d9aJBh6k0bh3&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740672236764018&usg=AOvVaw0ZJ0G-_bvispWqK7jdvKXh)
  - [Q2/2025 R&D New Proposal Submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf1RXR5kSfpGzQdm5si1yJzBONYzafhTcDWhYuTJoPq7nInLg/viewform)
  - [R&D New Proposal Submission [Template] ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [DRAFT Podcast Episode 1 With Peter as community manager in the SingularityNET community](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mFOA5Vwmo_4TorRfNOQl5gjxADrR6whxwF8PvneK28s/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Podcast Update: [TBD]](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y8xdSDYrBEoIhkBUq_RvCqjsjOXEk0nBGR-zflGmOs8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing initiative Proposals](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15Vn6CLLb0iOy0G33OCbScmihOkTzY_yFY6O6Zi5d4cU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Asset Inventory ( Useful Links)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sLhviSpXY3kgBlmRzvGX9jKA4aNffQrmrCtKYhRVXvU/edit)

#### Discussion Points:
- The meeting opened with LordKizzy confirming the agenda and addressing the adoption of the previous meeting note made by Martinsoki. Action items were outlined.
- Discussion on Graphics Team Structure: Kareem noted differences between his and Gorga‚Äôs previous communications and the current proposal, urging a clear budget allocation to simplify design tasks. Gorga confirmed that the focus is on graphic design for marketing.
- Updates on Podcast Initiatives: Photogee explained that Peter had initially set a date for the podcast recording but was unable to attend, so the recording was rescheduled for next week.
- AI Event Update: CJfrankie gave a breakdown on the AI event that took place at Los Angeles, discussing the benefits and challenges of AI, particularly in security applications. He highlighted the high costs associated with AI technology and emphasized the need to view AI as a supportive tool rather than a job threat. CJfrankie also mentioned networking opportunities, although he did not have a chance to onboard new members to SingularityNet due to lack of time.
- Updates on Project Collaborations and Guild Activities: Malik reported no new updates or collaborations from the guilds he oversees, such as the education and gamers guilds. A lot of that is being handled by the core members already.
- A.O.B: 

Advanceameyaw provided marketing updates, including brand guidelines and collaboration plans with the African Guild. He mentioned an upcoming Ubuntu and AI conference and ongoing discussions about AI ethics and community awareness initiatives. 

LordKizzy addressed the shift in the graphics team's focus and ongoing budget management processes. Mikasa updated the group on her return to work and confirmed that the social media spotlight would be scheduled to go out after this call. Photogee provided updates on the podcast, and the usual weekly posts were shared.

Singularity Scavenger Hunt: Eric Davies introduced the Singularity Scavenger Hunt, which aims to enhance user engagement with the SingularityNet platform through gamified challenges. Participants will solve cryptograms, complete AI-related tasks, and answer trivia questions to familiarize themselves with the ecosystem. The initiative is expected to boost user onboarding and retention while spreading awareness of SingularityNet's offerings.
Allocation and Operations Discussion: Lordkizzy addressed the allocation tool and the delay in Zealy sprints, seeking clarity on operations and the need for prioritization. Photogee discussed the operational aspects of initiatives, while Eric Davies elaborated on the stress associated with moderation and content management tasks. The conversation underscored the importance of documenting time spent on tasks for proper allocation.
Kateri updated the group that she had submitted the use spotlights and would work on the committee spotlight this week. Photogee inquired about role responsibilities and treasury updates, prompting Lordkizzy to explain the feedback process for incomplete tasks and the transparency of budget information. Lordkizzy emphasized that market fluctuations affect budget allocations, and that the current financial status is available on the charity.org website.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] All members to read the governance documents and provide comments before the next meeting. [**assignee**] all [**due**] 4 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Jeffrey to put a comment in the Marketing Guild channel on Discord to help us identify him. [**assignee**] Jeffrey Ndarake, AJ, Aetherblade [**due**] 4 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LordKizzy to reach out to kenichi regarding the Zealy initiative allocation for Writers WG  [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 4 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Eric Davies to provide clarity on the options for the Discord bot in the next meeting. [**assignee**] Eric Davies [**due**] 4 April 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Q2 2025 budget, Initiatives, Community podcast update,  Budget Allocation,  Zealy sprints , Singularity Scavenger Hunt
- **emotions:**  informative,  insightful,  Satisfaction