---
description: Mon 15th Apr - Sun 21st Apr 2024
---

# Week 16

## Tuesday 16th April 2024


### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], Peter, CollyPride, Judith, Nicola Salvagni, Stephen, Curtis, 5oundwave5, Photogee, WaKa, Robert Bedoya, esewilliams, Tevo, osmium, Godfather, Haley, Kenichi, Guillermo, Slate, CallyFromAuron, Gorga Siagian, hogantuso, oep, ToneTech, Will Tatz, Billy
- Purpose: Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- Town Hall Number: 93
- Working Docs:
  - [ASI token merger useful resources](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXkP6mo0jUJVFfpMSS82igfMgQQvS43QxnfL81_nBi8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [toekn merger vision paper](https://434267010-files.gitbook.io/~/files/v0/b/gitbook-x-prod.appspot.com/o/spaces%2FE0eZgP8lxRNljW57Uw4H%2Fuploads%2FzuLTqcvU0P6PejPUONJG%2FArtificial%20Superintelligence%20(ASI)%20Alliance%20Vision%20Paper.pdf?alt=media&token=e794c589-d4ef-44d3-97c0-697b06956479)
  - [Gov Sandbox Turn #1 - Testing Tools](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Di7zoyldMjQxuiMwAn_SHiB2OruyhOB6kFYZOBz_kA/edit?usp=sharing)


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=0s) Introduction And Mentions By Peter.
[00:35](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=35s) Discussions On Mentions
[01:05](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=65s) Details On The Ambassador Program 
[01:40](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=100s) Deep Funding Updates From Judith.
[03:12](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=192s) Supervisory Council Blueprint.
[14:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=840s) Discussion On Rewards For The Decentralization Blueprint 
[27:35](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=1655s) Moderation Wg Discussions.
[28:20](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=1700s) Facilitators Collective Presentation By Vanessa 
[33:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=1980s) Merger - Open Discussions
[44:30](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=2670s) Alliance Wide Government 
[50:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=3000s) Discussion On Decision Making And Decentralization 
[53:30](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=3210s) Grace On Governance Of The System 
[01:03:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=3780s) Centralization & Decentralization In Singularitynet

#### Town Hall Summary:
Deep Funding Town Hall will be doing a retrospective of Deepfunding Round 4

Supervisory Council has budget to pay community members for their engagement with the Decentralization Blueprint; discussion of attribution for people's contributions, and open-source ethos; and discussion of how to decide how people will be paid.

Mention of new Moderator workgroup, which will be proposed for Q2 2024

Mention of the Facilitators' Collective and its self-paced training course for facilitators https://thefacilitatorscollective.wordpress.com/project-type/facilitation-course/

Discussion of the forthcoming token merger, and how we might collaborate with Fetch and Ocean in terms of governance https://www.superintelligence.io/, and who initiated the merger (46:51)

the new "community engagement group" from Marketing Guild requesting proposals for community engagement projects; questions about who is deciding and what are the criteria?

discussion of decision-making tools and testing them




#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Token merger, voting, fetch and ocean, community governance, Facilitation, facilitators collective, moderator workgroup, moderator, deep funding town hall, Decentralisation Blueprint, RFP, fetch, ocean, Supervisory Council, community contribution, paying for community contribution, payment, community engagement, deep funding round 4, contribution, open source, open source ethos, attribution, Consenz, testing tools, decision making software, Loomio, Ethelo
- emotions: Discursive, participatory, critique, questioning, holding to account



### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], CallyFromAuron [documenter], Peter, CollyPride, Judith, Nicola Salvagni, Stephen, Curtis, 5oundwave5, Photogee, WaKa, Robert Bedoya, esewilliams, Tevo, osmium, Godfather, Haley, Kenichi, Guillermo, Slate, CallyFromAuron, Gorga Siagian, hogantuso, oep, ToneTech, Will Tatz, Billy
- Purpose: Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- Town Hall Number: 93
- Working Docs:
  - [ASI token merger useful resources](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXkP6mo0jUJVFfpMSS82igfMgQQvS43QxnfL81_nBi8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [token merger vision paper](https://434267010-files.gitbook.io/~/files/v0/b/gitbook-x-prod.appspot.com/o/spaces%2FE0eZgP8lxRNljW57Uw4H%2Fuploads%2FzuLTqcvU0P6PejPUONJG%2FArtificial%20Superintelligence%20(ASI)%20Alliance%20Vision%20Paper.pdf?alt=media&token=e794c589-d4ef-44d3-97c0-697b06956479)
  - [Gov Sandbox Turn #1 - Testing Tools](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Di7zoyldMjQxuiMwAn_SHiB2OruyhOB6kFYZOBz_kA/edit?usp=sharing)


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=0s) Introduction And Mentions By Peter.
[00:35](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=35s) Discussions On Mentions
[01:05](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=65s) Details On The Ambassador Program 
[01:40](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=100s) Deep Funding Updates From Judith.
[03:12](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=192s) Supervisory Council Blueprint.
[14:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=840s) Discussion On Rewards For The Decentralization Blueprint 
[27:35](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=1655s) Moderation Wg Discussions.
[28:20](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=1700s) Facilitators Collective Presentation By Vanessa 
[33:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=1980s) Merger - Open Discussions
[44:30](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=2670s) Alliance Wide Government 
[50:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=3000s) Discussion On Decision Making And Decentralization 
[53:30](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=3210s) Grace On Governance Of The System 
[01:03:00](https://youtu.be/w3s6AImUduE?feature=shared\&t=3780s) Centralization & Decentralization In Singularitynet

#### Town Hall Summary:
Deep Funding Town Hall will be doing a retrospective of Deepfunding Round 4

Supervisory Council has budget to pay community members for their engagement with the Decentralization Blueprint; discussion of attribution for people's contributions, and open-source ethos; and discussion of how to decide how people will be paid.

Mention of new Moderator workgroup, which will be proposed for Q2 2024

Mention of the Facilitators' Collective and its self-paced training course for facilitators https://thefacilitatorscollective.wordpress.com/project-type/facilitation-course/

Discussion of the forthcoming token merger, and how we might collaborate with Fetch and Ocean in terms of governance https://www.superintelligence.io/, and who initiated the merger (46:51)

The new "community engagement group" from Marketing Guild requests proposals for community engagement projects; questions about who is deciding and what are the criteria?

Discussion of decision-making tools and testing them




#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Token merger, voting, fetch and ocean, community governance, Facilitation, facilitators collective, moderator workgroup, moderator, deep funding town hall, Decentralisation Blueprint, RFP, fetch, ocean, Supervisory Council, community contribution, paying for community contribution, payment, community engagement, deep funding round 4, contribution, open source, open source ethos, attribution, Consenz, testing tools, decision making software, Loomio, Ethelo
- emotions: Discursive, participatory, critique, questioning, holding to account


## Wednesday 17th April 2024


### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen, Vanessa [documenter], Vanessa, Stephen, André, lord kizzy, SucrenSpice, Photogee, Tevo, SoundWaves, duke peter, esewilliams
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/134)
  - [Q2 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1d9j-IPA0wary0EdR8YIoKl1BF0mAtkV_dgTs0hSnzAs/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed our Q2 budget, see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/131 and https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1d9j-IPA0wary0EdR8YIoKl1BF0mAtkV_dgTs0hSnzAs/edit?usp=sharing
  - [rationale] After discussion and decisionmaking on ideas for budget items from WG members, removing some items that we did in Q1 and no longer need, and adjusting prices for some of the "bounty-style" tasks that are continued from Q1 to reflect the amount of work they involve, we agreed a final budget request for Q2 of $7,670
- We note that the Supervisory Council will be discussing, and hopefully deciding on, our input on supporting their knowledge management processes with the Blueprint doc on 19th April 2024, which has been in discussion since January 2024.
  - [rationale] They now have clarity on what budget they have (tho it will obviously be dependent on token price); and the SC's term of office ends in May so a decision is needed
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- On timestamping BGI videos: we noted Duke has needed to drop out due to pressure of other work. Also - it's now 8 videos, not 9. Timestamps will be added as comments, rather than in the description
  - [rationale] Only 8 videos because the 9th has already been timestamped. Timestamps as a comment, rather than in the description: no need to organise access to DF Youtube; also, makes it transparent who did them.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Stephen to check why SucrenSpice doesn't seem to have permissions to merge changes on Ambassador GitBook - still can't work out why [assignee] Stephen [due] 1 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Onyeka and Ese to timestamp BGI videos [assignee] esewilliams, lord kizzy [due] 1 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to create a video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board, based on Stephen's training session - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116 [assignee] duke peter [due] 1 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Everyone to suggest possible new bounties or entry-level tasks for Q2 budget, to discuss next meeting - some people would still like time to contribute so this will be finalised next meeting (17th April) [assignee] all [due] 17 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Vani to send Q1 quarterly report to Peter (and, if time, create 2nd version based on the budget request spreadsheet) [assignee] Vanessa [due] 17 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Sucre to add the Q1 quarterly report to Ambassador GitBook when ready [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 1 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vanessa to DM participants in tag taxonomy project, and set a date for training session [assignee] Vanessa [due] 1 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Progress the idea of doing a TH session on how we use GitHub [assignee] Stephen, André, Vanessa [due] 1 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to find out whether Strategy Guild is now folded into R&D guild, or whether theyre still separate and will be submitting separate meeting summaries [assignee] Vanessa [due] 25 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Core Archives team to meet with Ubio on Mon 22nd April to clarify the focus of his work in Q2 - sentiment analyisis or dashboard? [assignee] Stephen, Andre, Vanessa, Ubio [due] 22 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Ese to talk to Kenichi to find out whether Writers WG are currently doing meeting summaries; and if so, whether they plan to add them via the Tool; or if not, could they add them at least to their spreadsheet here https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1S1M-IlMnI4WPL2c_ojOeIExvWU-bkzfamirE5_Ls9-4/edit?usp=sharing [assignee] esewilliams [due] 1 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Q1 quarterly report, Q2 budget, community engagement, engaging new people, Quarterly Report, Tag taxonomy, forward planning, Reporting, Miro Board, colabs, langchain, AI tooling, open source, document management, closing issues, github board, monthly archiving
- emotions: positive, new people present, entertaining, Friendly, Ambitious, forward-looking, participatory

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Curtis, Guilermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], Photogee, Ubiodee, 5oundwave5, Vasu, Peter, WaKa
- Purpose: R&D Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)

#### Agenda Items:
- Final Q1 Report and deliverables status
- Budget Request presentation for R&D Guild Quarter 2.
- Allocation for supporting upcoming open source initiatives from SingularityNET foundation
- Helping on the MeTTa documentation and playground page Q2 R&D Guild Objectives
- Operations: Update. Improving R&D Manager Tools. Introducing R&D Github Projects.
- Governance SandBox: Decision-making tools.
- Onboarding: New proposal for development
- Conclusions Q1: what we can improve?

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on Q2 Budget Proposal 
- Discussions on GitHub integration for Project management
- Discussions on allocation for supporting upcoming open source initiatives from SingularityNET foundation
- Final discussions on Q1 report and deliverables
- Updates on development by Curtis, Ubio, WaKa.
- Discussions on helping on the MeTTa documentation and playground page Q2 R&D Guild Objectives

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to change the time slot for our meetings from 18:00 to 16:00 UTC
  - [rationale] Guillermo and some other members complained on the meeting time being inconvenient for them.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rojo to continue building the back end and conduct backend testing with members of the project who manage the social media account; once that is done, then build the front end [assignee] Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo to assist the other teams to get some deliverables [assignee] Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Curtis and Rojo to create a document for showcasing our progress (deliverables) in the guild [assignee] Curtis, Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project  [assignee] Guilermo [due] 11 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guild members to add their contributions to the docs [assignee] All Members [due] 17 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Ubio, WaKa, Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] Ubiodee, WaKa, Rojo [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord kizzy to message Rojo on how he could contribute to the Automated Social Media project. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lordkizzy to share his Doc on ways he could contribute to the R&D Guild [due] 24 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, incentives, Q2 budget, open source, contributing, Automated, social media, automated social media, Quarterly Report, Q1 quarterly report, multilingual, meeting time
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, Clement Umoh, Photogee, GorgaSeagian, Peter, malik, osmium, WaKa, SoundWaves, Billy
- Purpose: ACP Quizzes Review Team update , Andamio platform introduction by Malik, Google Classroom introduction by Slate, Pricing discussion about both the platforms
- Working Docs:
  - [Andamio Overview ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10Yy0lg17MtvN8xCZbFHRft-NZ7XxM-P-pLu8sYrHCTs/edit)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- ACP Review Team updates 
- Andamio platform
- Google Classroom platform
- Pricing discussions 

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started with Slate welcoming everyone to the meeting
- Osmium shared some concerns of Duke regarding his quiz review 
- Osmium than gave some updates regarding quizzes review 
- Slate than moved on the topic of introduction of ACP platforms 
- Then Malik showcased his presentation regarding the Andamio platform 
- Everyone was concerned with the pricing of Andamio platform
- and also the complexity of understanding the platform as a whole by the participants 
- Then there was a proposal to invite Tevo to once of the education guild meetings to introduce Andamio 
- Then Waka mentioned that we should be adding Fetch and Ocean to the ACP as projects
- On this Peter said that it would be best if we let them create these resources for us and for that we could reach out to them 
- Waka said that he would be interested in doing that 
- Then Slate shared the Google Classroom platform presentation 
- Everybody liked the platform as a whole and its easiness to interact with
- There were positive insights for the platform by the group

#### Decision Items:
- Reach out to Fetch and Ocean
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Create a real time presentaion for Google Classroom 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Presentation with real quiz submissions, reviewing and marking for test run [assignee] Slate [due] 23 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Reach out to fetch and ocean [assignee] WaKa [due] 23 April 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, review, platform, quizzes, Fetch, Ocean
- emotions: productive, Collaborative, Businesslike, speedy

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Olokoji, lord kizzy, André, Photogee
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?share_link_id=819033103692)
- Transcript: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764583723783907&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Onboarding - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We have new feedback on the workgroup onboarding form. 

#### Decision Items:
- We will postpone the onboarding improvements discussions until we can async do the Organizing steps.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Discuss Onboarding improvements and insights on form improvements. [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Organized Onboarding Workgroup GitBook assets - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Our approach to organizing (5min video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJ8FYsFb0TQ

#### Decision Items:
- We found seven times more places where Feedback Form Item could fit in the organizing window.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] The rest of the three Onboarding workgroup items we put up for the async test round [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - What would be our async organizing outcome expectations and rewards? - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How much budget we have left? ~2k AGIX Left
- How much experience do we expect from participants?
- Organizer and Organizer Reviewer Roles
- Role activities and process
- Role Rewards

#### Decision Items:
- Two people should organize each Async item. (we can afford the quality and diversity of thought)
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- To obtain an Organizer and Organizer Reviewer Role, you must attend one session where we Organize Items live.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We use purple sticky if we want to remove items from organized places.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We use Miro Board Kanban to manage Organizing Items Async.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Organizing Item Rewards is based on the default hourly rate and the average time it takes to complete an Item.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The first five Organized Items give 50% less rewards for a contributor.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Organizing and Reviewing have the same rate
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Test Organizing one Item by the end of 24th April [status] todo
- [action] Test Reviewing one Organized Item before the next session. [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: organizing, review, Budget , Onboarding, Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board
## Thursday 18th April 2024


### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Peter, Vanessa, Olokoji, Photogee, Billy, Guillermo, Gorga Siagian, 5oundwave5
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764584775426018&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240?taskId=83aeda8d-2434-42f9-9f48-be1345c9f8e6)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context-setting doc for Q2 Budgets decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/115c9r867HDV711v7cgu-thL6chfUHtK6Fhu6qVwA6es/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - How to contribute with writing skills? - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Writers WG
- Treasury Guild Documentations (decisions, meeting summary)

#### Agenda item 2 - Do we want to recognize people who take part in the consent process on-chain? - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- incentives
- What we recognize?

#### Decision Items:
- We will recognize the Consent Question (Title) and participants who chose any option in the form
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We assign utility tokens as rewards
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue utility token discussion in Governance Workgroup [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - How do validate the impact of said proposal - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What has been done before?
- What do we need from the Proposal?
- Ambassador Program Consent Process
- S3 guide for potential objection solving https://patterns.sociocracy30.org/principle-consent.html
- What blockers can people bring up against budget requests?
- After funding measures
- Proposal Request Cap

#### Decision Items:
- Ambassador Program Q2 Budget proposal final deadline is 24th April 2024
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will collect proposals through the Treasury Guild channel.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Only Contributor Role blockers will stop the proposal from passing
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Prepare voting tools and channel for all this decision making that is about to come [status] todo
- [action] Decision for next session: do we have the capacity to run 2nd cohort of proposals for Q2? [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, procedures, Proposal, Cohort, On-Chain, Quarter, Governance, Budgets, Rewards, core contributors, consent decision making, Q2 budget
- emotions: Discursive, inconclusive

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: LadyTempestt [facilitator], Gorga Siagian, lord kizzy, CallyFromAuron [documenter], LadyTempestt, André, SucrenSpice, CallyFromAuron, Gorga Siagian, lord kizzy, Peter, CollyPride, others unknown
- Purpose: Weekly meeting discussing how to onboard people to the Ambassador program
- Media link: [Link](https://youtu.be/Um7Zv5F9TyA?feature=shared)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Session slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bDNeG1Aumo7LGhICK1-vx_UB4OkA-tboWYLjTm0C9mw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Onboarding Workgroup's regular meeting was replaced this week by a session led by André Diamond from Treasury Guild, giving information on how payments are processed in the Snet Ambassador Program, how to identify your rewards and other treasury topics. The session was aimed at new people, to help them onboard by improving their understanding of how the Treasury system works. See https://youtu.be/Um7Zv5F9TyA?feature=shared

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Next meeting we revert to our normal agenda, and pick up items from our last meeting on 11th April

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: wallet, Treasury, treasury dashboard, payments, Token merger, yoroi, treasury guild operations, Zealy, Writers WorkGroup, Dework, AGIX, ASI token
- emotions: interesting, participatory


## Friday 19th April 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, hogantuso, Zalfred, Photogee, osmium, killy, GorgaSeagian, 5oundwave5, oep, Billy
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task updates, Zealy updates, and community engagement
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate
- Malik, the social media manager, provided a rundown of the weekly updates and also shared information about Zealy.
- Hogantuso, the task manager, provided updates on the weekly management tasks.
- Discussion on the process of Zealy
- Improving community engagement 
- A representative from Gamers' Guild explained their Roblox game and asked some questions about the video workgroup for inclusion in the game.

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Zealy, videomaking, Roblox, Gamers' Guild, community engagement
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, positive, Thoughtful

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, Mikasa, LadyTempestt, ines ganina, Slate, devon
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET WWG-TEST](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
The NuNet community town hall has commenced.
Ines Gavina shared some interesting ideas that might help us produce more articles in the future.
Kenichi gave an update regarding the Cogito articles from last year; the third piece is on its way!
Kenichi explained how Dework tasks are being reviewed.
Kenichi shared more insights into the “Scribe" role: anyone with this role can seamlessly claim tasks on Dework. 
Deliberations on whether the Scribes should attend the weekly meetings; how long Scribbers should hold the Scribe role and what minimum threshold they should have. 



#### Decision Items:
- Kenichi wants the Scribblers to do a recap on every NuNet TH.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to chase Kareem regarding updates on the brand assets [assignee] Kenichi [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to write the first NuNet community town hall recap before assigning it to any Scribe. [assignee] Kenichi [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Scribe role, Rejuve, Q2 recap, Nunet, Cogito, Points system, NuNet Town Hall, Dework, Cogito articles
- emotions: quiet, informative


## Saturday 20th April 2024


### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian, 5oundwave5, flyn, Billy, Dr Strange, AndrewBen
- Purpose: Task Assignment and Procedures for Task Execution
- Working Docs:
  - [Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10E9GCj7RoHwRSQk8hT7bbxOD1trYh_EdIL-bAlPFXiQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- discussion on monitor role in information collection
- Discussion on the presenter's role in information collection.
- discussion on other platforms for game creation 
- Discussion about the layout of the model
- Discussion on game development on Roblox

#### Action Items:
- [action] Gorga to create next game for the gaming session. [assignee] Gorga Siagian [due] 27 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] research regarding decentraland  [assignee] devon [status] todo

#### Game Rules:
Combat Shooting Game 
The person with least amount of deaths wins 


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Dr Strange

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Budget , Roblox, participation, Task Assignment
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, engaging new people
- games played: Combat Shooting Game

### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Peter, Vanessa, Olokoji, Photogee, Sound Wave, Billy, Guillermo, Gorga Siagian
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764584775426018&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240?taskId=83aeda8d-2434-42f9-9f48-be1345c9f8e6)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - How to contribute with writing skills? - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Writers WG
- Treasury Guild Documentations (decisions, meeting summary)

#### Agenda item 2 - Do we want to recognize people who take part in the consent process on-chain? - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- incentives
- What we recognize?

#### Decision Items:
- We will recognize the Consent Question (Title) and participants who chose any option in the form
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We assign utility tokens as rewards
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Continue utility token discussion in Governance Workgroup [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - How do validate the impact of said proposal - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- What has been done before?
- What do we need from the Proposal?
- Ambassador Program Consent Process
- S3 guide for potential objection solving https://patterns.sociocracy30.org/principle-consent.html
- What blockers can people bring up against budget requests?
- After funding measures
- Proposal Request Cap

#### Decision Items:
- Ambassador Program Q2 Budget proposal final deadline is 24th April 2024
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will collect proposals through the Treasury Guild channel.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Only Contributor Role blockers will stop the proposal from passing
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Prepare voting tools and channel for all this decision making that is about to come [status] todo
- [action] Decision for next session: do we have the capacity to run 2nd cohort of proposals for Q2? [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, procedures, Proposal, Cohort, On-Chain, Discursive, Quarter, Governance, Budgets, Rewards, Inconclusive