# Week 14

## Wednesday 3rd April 2024




### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Curtis, Guilermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], WaKa, Photogee, Ubiodee, Nebula
- Purpose: R&D discussions on Project Updates
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)

#### Agenda Items:
- R&D Discussions on proposal updates

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on updates on projects (TECHNICAL UPDATE by Waka, Curtis & Ubio,) and deliverables
- Discussions on project management and the use of GitHub 
- Discussions on q1 budget and payments for contributors
- We had a massive number of 20 participants in the multilingual survey conducted by Ubio 

#### Decision Items:
- We made a decision on Ubio giving incentives (50%) to contributors on his project  
  - [rationale] rewards should not be given for participation but rather contributions
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rojo to continue building the backend and conduct backend testing with members of the project who manage the social media account. Once that is done, then build the front end [assignee] Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo to assist the other teams to get some deliverables [assignee] Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Rojo to create a GitHub account for the group [assignee] Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Curtis and Rojo to create a document for showcasing our progress (deliverables) in the guild [assignee] Curtis, Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Curtis and Guillermo to have a call to see where we are as a Guild, how we integrate with how treasury and archives workgroups work [assignee] Curtis, Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo to attend the next Treasury meeting on 5th April, 2024 [assignee] Guillermo [due] 11 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project through some Brazilians  [assignee] Guilermo [due] 11 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Budget, Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, GitHub, API, deliverables, incentives
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful, speedy

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, esewilliams, Kenichi, Clement Umoh, Photogee, duke peter, WaKa, GorgaSiagian
- Purpose: Videos, Quizzes, Q2 Budget request, Module-based budgets, Participation-rewarding 
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hnj3syHlwtunfqIJjm45ak9E3ki8DmZ7RObD2wEn-Lg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Videos
- Q2 budget Request 
- Ways to improve budgets

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started with Slate welcoming everyone to the meeting
- Duke mentioned that his video on Cogito is completed and he would like to showcase it 
- Slate then shared Duke's video on Cogito 
- After watching the video the floor was opened for comments on the video 
- Most of the people had comments of adding names of the main team members 
- Duke said that he will be making the small adjustments and then uploading the video 
- Then Slate showcased the budget request he ideated for Education Guild 
- Some comments were made on the budget request like removing the participation rewards,
- Proposed a module based budget request 
- Then at the end Slate assigned some quizzes to some of the participants 

#### Decision Items:
- Work on budget 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Complete ACP Video and infographic 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Platform suggestions for ACP 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Next quarter budget discussion in the next meeting. [assignee] Slate [due] 9 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Assignment of quizzes  [assignee] Slate [due] 2 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Setup reviewing process for Quizzes  [assignee] Slate [due] 2 April 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, review, Budget, Q2 2024 budget, Proposals, platform, quizzes, Video Script
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike, speedy

### Archives Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen, Vanessa [documenter], Vanessa, Stephen, Onyeka, oep, SucrenSpice, Olokoji, Photogee, Gorga Siagian
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/128)

#### Decision Items:
- Quarterly report for Q1 2024 - there have been a couple of minor changes suggested. Also we want to try out presenting it in a format that is more closely linked to our budget request  - e.g. via notes on the budget spreadsheetfor Q1
  - [rationale] spreadsheet approach might connect reporting more closely to budget request, to support tracking and accountability, which is something that has been discussed in general terms in Treasury Guild meetings
  - [opposing] The existing text-based format is probably more readable, and allows a WG to make narrative points about how their work has gone. Worth trying both formats.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Tag taxonomy project - suggested training date of 1st April wasn't possible (bank holiday) so will look at later in April
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Last meeting's suggestion of a TH session on how we use GitHub - we forhgot to pick this up as an action item, so we will add it this meeting.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Decided to keep the meeting shorter than usual (1 hr) since there was not so much to discuss
  - [rationale] Since André was absent, we didn't discuss tool development work
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Stephen to check why SucrenSpice doesn't seem to have permissions to merge changes on Ambassador GitBook - still can't work out why [assignee] Stephen [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] RE: Duke, Onyeka and Ese to timestamp BGI videos - Onyeka will check with Peter that it's not already being done. Also there have been more videos uploaded, so now a total of 9, so 3 each [assignee] duke peter, esewilliams, lord kizzy [due] 17 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Duke to create a video walkthru of how to use the GitHub Board, based on Stephen's training session - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/116 [assignee] duke peter [due] 20 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to bring finished version of Q1 quarterly report to the 3rd April meeting - Done [assignee] Vanessa [due] 3 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Sucre and Vanessa to raise the issue of quarterly reports, and whether more WGs should write them, in the Treasury Guild meeting tomorrow (21st March 2024) [assignee] SucrenSpice, Vanessa [due] 21 March 2024 [status] done
- [action] Everyone to suggest possible new bounties or entry-level tasks for Q2 budget, to discuss next meeting - some people would still like time to contribute so this will be finalised next meeting (17th April) [assignee] all [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to send Q1 quarterly report to Peter (and, if time, create 2nd version based on the budget request spreadsheet) [assignee] Vanessa [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to add the Q1 quarterly report to Ambassador GitBook when ready [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Vanessa to DM participants in tag taxonomy project, and set a date for training session [assignee] Vanessa [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Q1 quarterly report, encouraging use of Archives, bounties, timestamps, Q2 budget, community engagement, engaging new people, Quarterly Report, accountability, GitHub, BGI 2024 summit, Tag taxonomy, Reporting, forward planning
- emotions: positive, new people present, short, Friendly



### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Clement Umoh, Olokoji, lord kizzy, Felix
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764579831707581&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Quarterly report: Knowledge Base WG - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Shared Draft quarterly report https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B_u4kYNusZdGOq1xK8km54mOsBloM9oXGXzqpv9DxU4/edit?usp=sharing
- Improved Onboarding feedback loop

#### Action Items:
- [action] Participants are welcome to introduce new insights on the report. [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Miro Board Overview and Onboarding Process - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Showed around Miro Board and introduced to workgroup processes https://youtu.be/aVg_N2notVE

#### Agenda item 3 - Analyzed and organized asset relations with - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Organized Process Guild GitBook asset
- Organized Translation WG GitBook asset
- Ideated on async organizing process

#### Decision Items:
- In the next session, let's organize one item where, in each category, a different person shares thoughts.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup



## Thursday 4th April 2024

### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Peter, Sucren, WaKa, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh, Guillermo, duke peter, Vanessa
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764584778877630&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240?taskId=83aeda8d-2434-42f9-9f48-be1345c9f8e6)
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quarterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Q1 Budget Final Results - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- How do we want to present results?
- How do we want to show proposal status?
- What is missing, and what is irrelevant?

#### Decision Items:
- All Treasury Guild Q1 Proposals are approved with the date at 02.04.24
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Create a voting result report starting with Q2 proposals
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create an efficient way to see AGIX spent by each guild and WG in WG Budget Calculator [status] todo
- [action] Create a separate channel for all contributors where proposals requiring consent are dropped into [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Q2 Budget Requirements - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should Treasury rules that affect proposal acceptance criteria be changeable and implementable in Quarter 2?
- Should we have continued onboarding and approval for proposals throughout Q2?
- How can we avoid assessing proposals without creating the feeling that proposals are being heavily scrutinized?

#### Decision Items:
- 02.05.2024 we approve the first cohort of proposals that make it through the consent process and update the remaining limited quarter 2 budget
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Have a discussion on how to bring up workgroups better in Governance WG [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Treasury Guild Proposal and Guiding Material - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- The available supporting material to help create proposals and examples.
- What do we propose for Quarter 2 in Treasury Guild?
- Proposal feedback

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create a consent form so that contributors can vote on the Treasury Guild proposal [status] todo
- [action] Update the Seed Workgroup column in the WG matrix tables based working starting doc [status] todo
- [action] Create a paragraph about proposal changes to the proposal if it is an update [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - About Ambassador Program - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- What's the difference between Guilds and Workgroups?
- Do we want to make a clear distinction between Guilds and Workgroups?

#### Decision Items:
- We should have a common understanding of the differences and when they are used.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Draft extra information about this and include it into onboarding docs where relevant [status] todo

#### Agenda item 5 - Questions about AGIX to ASI Merge - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Brainstormed different common ideas and our questions on the Miro Board
- Answered a few questions at the meeting

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create a Q and A doc to address those questions as best we can [status] todo



## Friday 5th April 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], hogantuso [documenter], lord kizzy, malik, hogantuso, Zalfred, Photogee, osmium, killy, Colleen, Zibah, WealthWissy, electronige, Olokoji, Hamzat_iii, GorgaSeagian, devon
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task updates, video suggestions, onboarding process, and ASI merger
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate
- Malik, the social media manager, gave a rundown on the weekly updates.
- Hogantuso, the task manager, gave updates on the weekly management tasks 
- lord kizzy, the town hall editor, gave more updates on the Zealy task discussed with kenichi as the previous Social Media Manager.
- Acquaintance and introduction of new members 
- Updates and improvements on the video application was discussed 
- Voting on the creation of ASI merger video by Rojo.
- Voting on the creation of voting procedure tutorials on ASI alliance 
- Slate, the facilitator, updated the new members on how to apply to become a member of the workgroup. 

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rojo's video suggestion about the ASI Merger was approved. [assignee] Rojo, Crandano [status] todo
- [action] voting procedure tutorials on ASI alliance [assignee] osmium, hogantuso [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, Zealy, ASI toekn merger, Town Hall, workgroup membership
- emotions: Friendly, Thoughtful, speedy, Casual, productive, Organised, engaging new people, positive, productive

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, Mikasa, LadyTempestt, Nebula1224, 5oundwave5, ines gavina
- Purpose: Reflection on what we’ve achieved this month and quarter.
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET WWG-TEST](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
We discussed Q2 projections and what we might need to improve this quarter.
Open discussion on how to become a Scribe; the Scribe role will be assigned once our Medium publication kicks off.
The graphics/brand assets are still in progress; once that is done, we shall kickstart the Medium publication. 
Our attendance last month was pretty high, and had great numbers: we published 12 articles last month and 28 pieces in Q1.



#### Decision Items:
- We will kickstart the Medium publication once our brand assets are finished
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Scribe role will be assigned once our Medium publication starts.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to draft the document for the Q2 project budget, and submit it to Treasury Guild. [assignee] Kenichi [status] todo
- [action] Kenichi to work on implementing the NFT badges for roadmap accomplishment. [assignee] Kenichi [status] in progress
- [action] Peter to give Inés Gavina the Scribbler tag. [assignee] Peter [status] done
- [action] Kenichi to onboard some new Scribblers this quarter. [assignee] Kenichi [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Zealy, Scribe role, Points system, Scribblers, Peer review, Brand kit, Medium publications, NFT badge, Budget , Q2 budget, attendance
- emotions: informative, Welcoming, insightful