# Week 17

## Wednesday 24th April 2024



### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Guillermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], 5oundwave5, Vasu, Peter, Curtis, Rojo, William, WaKa, duke peter
- Purpose: R&D Discussions 
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [Decision making tool](https://citizenos.com/)
  - [Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NFXUJ-yyXkXR4SBUzuG-KsQb3-5veaaiK1b4TWhTTHU/edit#heading=h.7160rr8iahel)

#### Agenda Items:
- Final Q1 report and deliverables status
- Budget Request presentation for R&D Guild Quarter 2.
-  Q2 R&D Guild Objectives:  Best practice 
- Governance SandBox
- Operations: Update. Improving R&D Manager tools. Introducing R&D GitHub Projects.
- Onboarding: New proposal for development from Duke
- Conclusions Q1: what we can improve?

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on Q2 budget proposal 
- Discussions on adding Contingency to the budget 
- Final discussions on Q1 report and deliverable
- Updates on development from Rojo & Guillermo
- Discussions on Helping on the MeTTa documentation and playground page Q2 R&D Guild Objectives
- There was a suggestion to use the meeting summary tool to prepare agendas for meetings
- The social media dashboard will be ready for testing at the end of Q2

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to add the "Research on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem" proposal from Duke into our budget for this quarter 
  - [rationale] Majority of members felt it was an important research that should be included and implemented in Q2
  - [opposing]  A member felt the proposal was coming too late in terms of budget planning and submission, therefore it should be moved to Q3
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to add an amount for Contingency to our budget for Q2 
  - [rationale] This budget will be use to assist in the METTA project for the Foundation or any other workshops or surveys that come up in the quarter
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rojo to continue building the back end and conduct backend testing of the social media dashboard with members of the project who manage the social media account. Once that is done, then build the front end [assignee] Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo to assist the other teams to get some deliverables [assignee] Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Curtis and Rojo to create a document for showcasing our progress (deliverables) in the guild [assignee] Curtis, Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project  [assignee] Guilermo [due] 11 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guild members to add their contributions to the docs [assignee] All Members [due] 17 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Ubio, WaKa, Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] Ubiodee, WaKa, Rojo [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lordkizzy to share his doc on ways he could contribute to the R&D Guild [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 24 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Rojo to add Duke's proposal to the budget for Q2 [assignee] Rojo [due] 1 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, Meeting Summaries, Budget Request, Q2 budget, Social media Dashboard, social media, meeting summary tool, agenda creation
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, Clement Umoh, Photogee, GorgaSeagian, Peter, malik, osmium, WaKa, SoundWaves, Billy
- Purpose: Google Classroom showcasing by Slate, VR model showcasing by Gamers' Guild 
- Working Docs:
  - [Andamio Overview ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10Yy0lg17MtvN8xCZbFHRft-NZ7XxM-P-pLu8sYrHCTs/edit)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Google Classroom test run , Gamers' Guild presentation by Gorga and Malik 

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate apologised for being late 
- Then he showcased working of ACP in terms of Google Classroom and how we can integrate it in it 
- Then he invited everybody to take the assigned quiz and check the resources 
- So far Google Classroom seems to be the best option for introducing ACP 
- Then Osmium shared some insights from Tevo regarding Andamio 
- Then at the end Gamers' Guild  showcased their work and collected information regarding Education Guild which will be integrated inside Ambassador Program VR
- Everybody really liked the initiative and the presentation 

#### Decision Items:
- Reach out to Fetch and Ocean
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Hold vote for educator role  [assignee] Slate [due] 26 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Reach out to Fetch and Ocean [assignee] WaKa [due] 1 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Present teams app presentation [assignee] esewilliams [due] 1 May 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, review, platform, Fetch, Ocean, Google Classroom, gamersguild, representation, Roblox, Andamio, 
- emotions: productive, Collaborative, Businesslike, speedy

### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Gorga Siagian, 5oundwave5, SucrenSpice
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)
  - [Lesson feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11NSHs8vAwJ6qXNHQWGelIQB9REttJK625wruxmvj--o/edit)

#### Agenda item 1 - Andamio Updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Differences between Andamio Version 1 and 2
- Current problems to be solved in Version 1 and 2

#### Decision Items:
- We will try Version 2 once it's ready for testing
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We continue to use Version 1
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Check on Andamio Version 2 updates before next meeting - Tevo [assignee] Tevo [due] 7 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - What lessons are missing? - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Ideated on lessons we could make in the session
- What should the scope of Dework PBL be?

#### Decision Items:
- We use meeting time to create a lesson about how to create a Nami wallet
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Add Nami Wallet lesson from Google Doc to Dework PBL Course https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KoYG8INC5aupcJpDlwOu8tVQSRD0UlF1Pt8pQGMn5g4/edit#heading=h.d4ti2to33mpw [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Dework PBL Onboarding Structure - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we group wallet registration options together?

#### Decision Items:
- Group Wallet registration lessons into Module 101
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Before we start the main topics of course we expect students to have Cardano wallet address (identity)
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Learning Requirements is Module 102
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- And rest of lessons go to Module 103
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] What do we do with Assignment lessons? [status] todo
- [action] Update Course Structure  [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Course structure, wallet, Nami, scope, scope of Dework PBL, Andamio, Andamio version 2, Andamio updates, expectations, expectations of learners


## Thursday 25th April 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: duke peter [facilitator], LadyTempestt [documenter], Vanessa, SucrenSpice, duke peter, LadyTempestt, 5oundwave5, ToneTech, cjfrankie, Colleen, daniel effiom, Clement Umoh, Olokoji, Photogee, Franklin, Billy, Gorga Siagian, lord kizzy, Aguboss
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET Onboarding WG Task Reward Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Our Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vQLBWOcK6-yZJRzCit4q7jaUhRkupvDZsIMSwdaJvGE/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [ONBOARDING JOURNEY](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IV4-7tsUJ99s4DY_Rrv9mMqP0JqfhAJHjnxP4x7A-6g/edit)
  - [ONBOARDING FACILITATION & DOCUMENTATION ROSTER](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [DRAFT context-setting doc on naming decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Mtt9S7X59hzm_InMd5Xm2po7Bj1HNQgw5Fib9Ia6fM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context-setting doc on Q2 budget decision](https://docs.google.com/document/d/115c9r867HDV711v7cgu-thL6chfUHtK6Fhu6qVwA6es/edit)
  - [Gorga's proposal on educational content](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BeYZP6-O84pTnAoK6ye8YWKnE6ojb1cMHY8TPI2vAG4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of the last meeting
- Action Items from the last meeting
- Recap of Treasury session last week
- Update on creation iof Onboarding Journeys 
- Context setting doc for Q2 budgets
- Onboarding session on 16th May
- Gorga’s proposal on educational content for the SNET ambassador program.
- WG town hall updates to give on 30th April.

#### Decision Items:
- Minutes of last meeting (11th April) agreed
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed that last week's Treasury info session was great and very useful; and that the edit of the video of gthe session should include the material on the token merger
  - [rationale] Because although it makes the video less "timeless", it is important information
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We  decided that our Onboarding session on 16th May will include a walk-through of the Discord server, which will be recorded in advance
  - [rationale] To ensure it doesn't acidentally breach anyone's privacy by showing something, on a video that will be shared on Youtube, that anyone might prefer not to be shared that way
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Next steps for Onboarding Journeys - the scripts will be changed so they are a 3rd-person narrator; info will be added on barriers that may be faced by the female character because she is female
  - [rationale] 3rd person is better because if we use 1st person, it could give the misleading impression that these are real people rather than composites; and it would mean we need to recruit appropriate voices to voice them
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We briefly discussed Gorga's proposal on creating educational materials, and agreed that perhaps it would be best as a collaboration between Oboarding, Translation, and Education guilds, probably in Q3
  - [rationale] Because it addresses mainly education and translation issues, and Onboarding can't fund it this Quarter
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Gorga asked if he could be paid to be a mentor to new member Franklyn, but the group decided against it, but noted that Gorga, llike all of us, can still help Franklyn even without officially being his mentor
  - [rationale] because Gorga himself is quite new to the program, and doesn't yet have enough knowledge to mentor someone effectively. 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- There was a bit of tension in the meeting with people misunderstanding each other, especially about who was offering to do which tasks
  - [rationale] There is a certain amount of competition to be assigned paid tasks
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] At onboarding session on 16th May: LadyTempestt will facilitate, Gorga will document, LordKizzy will run the Q&A, and Clement will prepare a video walk-through of Discord. [assignee] LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, lord kizzy, Clement Umoh [due] 16 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] CJ FRankie will make a graphic to advertise the Onboarding session [assignee] Cjfrankie  [due] 2 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] For next week, LordKizzy and Photogee will edit and upload the video of the Treasury session from 18th April [assignee] lord kizzy, Photogee [due] 2 May 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] LadyTempestt will come up with ideas for this Quarter's survey [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 2 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Everyone to look at and comment on the 2 "context-setting" documents on decisionmaking (one for the Q2 Budget decision, and one for the Naming decision)  in time for next week [assignee] everyone [due] 2 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Peter to give Gorga the "Onboarding workgroup member" tag in Discord, since Gorga has attended 3 consecutive meetings [assignee] Peter [due] 2 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to reach out to Education WG about Gorga's education proposal [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 2 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- We need to adhere to orderliness in our weekly meetings, not speaking over each other.

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Onboarding Journeys

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: context-setting docs, Q2 budget decision process, survey , Onboarding sessions, Education Guild, onboarding journeys, Proposals, Discord, Discord walkthrough, privacy, Education material, Video upload, Treasury
- emotions: informative, concerning, tense


## Friday 26th April 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, hogantuso, Zalfred, Photogee, killy, 5oundwave5, oep, lord kizzy, AndrewBen
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task assignments
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined weekly meeting agenda
- Malik, as the social media manager, provided updates about social media
- Tuso, as the task manager, provided task updates.
- Discussion on eligibility criteria for different tasks
- Discussion on the seniority of members

#### Action Items:
- [action] Task Management [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Social Media management [assignee] Slate [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Meeting summarizing [assignee] killy [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Townhall summary Edit [assignee] malik [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Town hall Edit [assignee] hogantuso [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Facilitation [assignee] Zalfred [due] 24 May 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, new people, Videomaking, Task Assignment, task eligibility, seniority
- emotions: Friendly, Casual, positive, speedy

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], Cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, Cjfrankie, Mikasa, LadyTempestt, Kareem, Gorga Siagian, ines gavina
- Purpose: The meeting features discussions centered on podcasts.
#### Narrative:
The meeting began with Kenichi’s warm comment on the first “We Are Reading” article from Inés. 
Questions regarding the relief of workload arose. This is where the Scribe role comes in handy: Scribes can assist with the writing of budget proposals, and more!
We want to spice up the Friday trivia sessions to make it more interesting and fun; Kenichi will incorporate other genres like music, sports, movies, and more.
Kenichi shared information about the implementation of a poll to enable Trivia players to choose the next genre or area of focus - for example, if "movies" gets more votes in the poll - expect to see movie questions in the trivia - Awesome right?
Our first podcast is set to commence next quarter. In this regard, we need:
- Audio-visual specialist 
- Designers 
- Writers (available)
- Analysis and promotion person 
- Documenter
- Social media manager (available)
Kenichi introduced the idea of “Soulbound Tokens.” They will serve as proof of participation; individuals can use them to see the Writers' Discord channel etc.
Kareem shared an update on the brand assets.
Kenichi introduced the latest WWG’s “Scribe” in the person of Cjfrankie.


#### Decision Items:
- We plan to use Notion for better management of the podcast activities.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi to submit the updated version of Q2’s budget [assignee] Kenichi [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Scribe role, Graphics, Notion, Trivia sessions, roadmap, Credential system, Soulbound tokens, Loyalty points, Q2 budget, podcasts, workload
- emotions: informative, insightful, interesting