# Week 15

## Wednesday 10th April 2024



### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, esewilliams, Clement Umoh, Photogee, duke peter, GorgaSeagian, Peter, malik, osmium
- Purpose: Completion of videos and infographics for Ambassador Certification Program (ACP). Reviewing Team For ACP quizzes Set up and processes finalized. Budget request presentation (module-based approach). Platform for ACP teams: Google Classroom or Mentimeter? Assignment of the quizzes to all the present participants
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hnj3syHlwtunfqIJjm45ak9E3ki8DmZ7RObD2wEn-Lg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Completion of videos and infographics for Ambassador Certification Program (ACP)
- Reviewing team For ACP quizzes set-up and processes
- Finalized budget request presentation (module-based approach)
- Platform for ACP teams: Google Classroom or Mentimeter?
- Assignment of the quizzes to all the present participants

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started with Slate welcoming everyone to the meeting
- Slate shared the infos and videos sheet and went over some uncompleted task and got updates from them 
- Then he mentioned that we have completed all the tasks regarding infos and video except for one which is also underwork 
- Slate then shared the reviewing team which has been set up for ACP quizzes and will be reviewing the quizzes and also the process of how they are going to be doing it 
- Current reviewing team has two members: Osmium and Vanessa
- Then Slate shared the finalized budget that he reworked according to the remarks from the previous meeting 
- Peter said that the budget request looks solid 
- Most of the participants agreed with the budget request 
- Then Slate assigned some of the quizzes which were open to the present people 
- Then open discussion was held regarding which learning platform to be used. Peter suggested Andamio, and Slate suggested that we create a presentation on each of the main sugested platforms.
- So for the next meeting most of the presentations would be held regarding Google Classroom, Teams, Andamio and Mentimeter

#### Decision Items:
- Work on Presentations
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Nunet Video completion 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Presentations  [assignee] Slate [due] 15 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Invideo Subscription [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 16 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: ACP, review, Budget , platform, quizzes
- emotions: productive,  Collaborative, Businesslike., speedy

### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Curtis, Guilermo [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], Photogee, Ubiodee, Tevo, 5oundwave5, William, Curtis, Guillermo, Onyeka
- Purpose: R&D discussions on quarterly report for Q1
- Working Docs:
  - [Project Feedback Proposal:  COLLABORATION SKILLS DATABASE _ 150224](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_q2yq1jrLSUiPzIfADZSsOcV3za7PBPY_XXsCg8AS0/edit)
  - [Final Guilds requested Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [Final - Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator / Guilds Final Fitted Budget ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit#gid=1788547254)
  - [Typeform link](https://fqmtepho6kd.typeform.com/to/uHsVjdS5)
  - [R&D _ Q1 DELIVERABLES](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qy4P7bWmzFDWbNe03Do5HSV3FLOGYMnT?usp=sharing)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Cu2snGCH-9H4rviHFwcMD_qV-qRLjwFbO4eNjrWX6Hs/edit?usp=drive_link)
  - [R&D _ Q1 Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFZr_OxtuQd2x21ZQQtFiaMipuYdj8MvuYFljWsRRZ8/edit?usp=drive_link)

#### Agenda Items:
- R&D discussions on Q1 quarterly report.

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussions on project deliverables
- Discussions on Q1 quarterly report and plans for the upcoming quarter.
- There were some introductions from new members.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to use the MIRO board for Q1 RoadMap and Operations
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rojo to continue building the backend and conduct the backend testing with members of the project who manage the social media account; once that is done, then build the front end [assignee] Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo to assist the other teams to get some deliverables [assignee] Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Curtis and Rojo to create a document for showcasing our progress (deliverables) in the Guild [assignee] Curtis, Rojo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Curtis and Guillermo to have a call to see where we are as a Guild, how we integrate with Treasury and Archives workgroup works [assignee] Curtis, Guillermo [due] 3 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guillermo to attend the next Treasury meeting on the 5th of April,2024 [assignee] Guillermo [due] 11 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Guillermo to have a call with Ubio on providing assistance to the multilingual project through some Brazilians  [assignee] Guilermo [due] 11 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Guild members to add their contributions to the docs [assignee] All Members [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Ubio, Waka, Rojo to add their contributions to the R&D _ Q1 Proposal Report _ Template. [assignee] Ubiodee, WaKa, Rojo [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Onyeka to message Rojo on how he could contribute to the automated social media project. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 17 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds, Budget, Q2, Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, API, deliverables, incentives
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy

### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Guillermo, Photogee, hogantuso, Sound Wave
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764583176359336&cot=10)
- Other media: [Link](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)
  - [Lesson feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11NSHs8vAwJ6qXNHQWGelIQB9REttJK625wruxmvj--o/edit)

#### Agenda item 1 - Quarterly Report - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Shared Dework PBL WG's quarterly report for Q1 2024 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s09ifUK8J921X-oJRJzVAyPQKWO0FCKGEoYPDXyi66M/edit#heading=h.ftfioj9c9q2h

#### Action Items:
- [action] Edit, suggest, comment, do whatever you think should be highlighted about our Q1 results. [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - SLT updates (Student Learning Target) - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Described new lesson to take position of lesson 101.2 - introduce Action Paragraphs and the first action is to ask for a Dework role
- Should we re-structure onboarding section into different headers?

#### Decision Items:
- Merged Dework requirements (101.2) into About Dework (101.1). Both content now in a single lesson.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Update Miro Board structures - Tevo [assignee] Tevo [status] todo
- [action] Create a Discord Account lesson [status] todo
- [action] Collaborate with Deep Funding Academy to include their wallet registration lesson in our Dework PBL WG [assignee] Tevo [status] todo
- [action] Include Metamask wallet guide to give them the idea of cross-chain opportunities [status] todo
- [action] Update Dework PBL Onboarding structure into 3 different headers related to: Dework lesson, this course specific lesson, and blockchain tooling requirements that Ambassador program members use [status] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Andamio Updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Shared new Andamio instance design, look and capability
- Current version does not do automatic updates, latest changes are currently only seen on GitHub.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Coordinate with Andamio team to update Dework PBL course into newest version [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Domain and Public Course Hosting Service - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Would Ambassador Program be ok to be serviced by Governance Guild for maintaining the Dework PBL Andamio site?
- How to be prepared for scaling?
- Support makes it easier to integrate with other Ambassador Workgroup work

#### Decision Items:
- Accept Governance Guild hosting service offer of 20USD in AGIX per month
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 5 - Next session agendas - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- What would we like to do in the next session?

#### Decision Items:
- If the opportunity presents itself, we will review the new site and try to do the course ourselves in the new design.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Let's have a workshop to create a new lesson for example creating a new Discord Account
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
## Thursday 11th April 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: LadyTempestt [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Vanessa, SucrenSpice, Cjfrankie, duke peter, Photogee, Billy, Kenichi, osmium, Gorga Siagian, Peter, hogantuso, Olokoji, 5oundwave5, Clement Umoh
- Working Docs:
  - [Draft doc on how to become a WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qT7C3Kb99tM5PzGej3GxCK-hhxlY5LEXnShNspixj24/edit)
  - [Onboarding workgroup Q2 budget proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Quarterly report for Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vQLBWOcK6-yZJRzCit4q7jaUhRkupvDZsIMSwdaJvGE/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Consent Decision-making for Ambassador Q1 budgets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c6GRhTowZw2cxqyKVYRHT27Zw0vAUg0ww2GEXsU2iiw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ONBOARDING JOURNEY](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IV4-7tsUJ99s4DY_Rrv9mMqP0JqfhAJHjnxP4x7A-6g/edit)
  - [Ideas & Potential Improvements Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RBACFdyclW3hSB3vfU2lZltR3ILc_Ed8wT5s0iUiND8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Continuous Onboarding Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UEL60VgQ_fQ4fDCO10B5HD-0IjnrEI56ZKyyijDj1qQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [ONBOARDING FACILITATION & DOCUMENTATION ROSTER](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Town Hall Updates:
Suggestions (to be confirmed in meeting on 25th
report back on Treasury session on 18th, and link to video of it?
Share our Q1 quarterly report?
Say we are working on some onboarding journeys?
Say we have implemented a buddy system to mentor new members?
Invite people to our meetings and explain how you become a member?



#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of the last meeting
- Action Items from the last meeting
- The Token Merger
- Onboarding Journeys
-  Q2 Budget
- Creating a doc on the "Renaming the Ambassador role" decision
- Facilitation and Documentation next time
- Money and Payments session with André on 18th April
- Next Town Hall Updates on 30th April

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that Olokoji will facilitate the next onboarding workgroup meeting on the 25th of April, 2024, if Peter isn't available 
  - [rationale] Peter might not be available due to the ASI Merger discussion
- We decided that Clement's idea on a complilation graphic for new members will be implemented in the next Quarter. 
  - [rationale] we decided to use this quarter to track new members that are coming into the program
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided to add Gorga 's proposal for educational resources on Spinoffs in Indonesian and Japanese to our Budget for Q2
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided QA-DAO will create a zoom meeting link for André's workshop on the 18th (next week) just in case Peter won't be available to start up the session. 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided LadyTempestt will assist André as the Co Host for the treasury session on the 18th
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that in principle, we are interested in creating a doc to support core contributors iwith the decision-making process about whether or not to rename the Ambassador role - but first, it should be clarified in a Governance WG meeting exactly what is being decided on.
  - [rationale] There's a bit of unclarity about whether it's just the name of the role, or the name of the Program itself, or even the whole "roles and levels" issue
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed on the main activities for Q2 and their costs - see budget sheet https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12fxnBJNRqkV7D9O28q2yYU4jLyoCC9TVKimncG_TtVw/edit?usp=drivesdk
  - [rationale] We decided that some things suggested would be better in Q3 since they don't feel ready to do in this Quarter.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Duke, Onyeka, and Cjfrankie to continue work on Onboarding Journeys [assignee] duke peter, lord kizzy, cjfrankie  [due] 4 April 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to add minutes of the last meeting (14th March) to the Archive via meeting summary tool. [assignee] Vanessa [due] 25 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Lord kizzy to create a graphic to publicize the Ideas & Potential improvement Doc and Continuous Onboarding Report. [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 4 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Love to create a graphic to publicize the session with Andre on treasury operations [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 4 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Peter to give Olokoji & Billy the Onboarding Workgroup tag - done during the meeting [assignee] Peter [due] 11 April 2024 [status] done
- [action] Duke to mentor Clement on how to deliver the Workgroup updates [assignee] Duke, Clement Umoh [due] 25 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Clement to do our Town Hall updates on Tues 30th April [assignee] Clement Umoh [due] 30 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Gorga to write a short proposal for making SNET educational content - he'll present it at our next meeting [assignee] Gorga Siagian [due] 25 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] LadyTempestt to add some ideas on surveys to be implemented in Q2 to the Q2 Budget sheet  [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 25 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] SucrenSpice to send our Q2 Budget sheet to Treasury  [assignee] Sucren [due] 25 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] SucrenSpice to check attendance records to see if Hogan Tuso is qualified to get the Onboarding tag [assignee] Sucren [due] 25 April 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to collaborate with Photogee on editing the video of the Treasury session on 18th April [assignee] lord kizzy, Photogee [due] 25 April 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- Vani got a new name from Peter (Vanilla)

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Treasury session with André
- Creating a doc about the Renaming decision

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Town Hall update, Q2 budget, Infographics, Education material, Collaboration, onboarding journeys, Treasury, Onboarding, workgroups, publicity, financial onboarding, survey , Videomaking
- emotions: Friendly, funny , Deliberative, Discursive, Thoughtful
## Friday 12th April 2024


### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], devon [documenter], Kenichi, Mikasa, cjfrankie, LadyTempestt, Slate, William, Gorga Siagian, ines ganina
- Purpose: The meeting focused on article updates, zealy updates , platforms for articles, and workgroup operations.
- Meeting video: [Link](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89224946982?pwd=bVo0ckVyNlMxVmdxaUI1cUtUOWJDQT09)
- Working Docs:
  - [Content editing test](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Customer-centric AI Solutions: article for Cogito by LadyTempestt](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HjtlQRklpjbCB2qzVyENQ-mbZ9weZy862bBTlxxOnps/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Writers' WG budget proposal for Q1 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jvQ4DfJd6WYsYdZORg8t4g3Dsft88guYno7bxWIMsVQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [SingularityNET Ambassadors on Medium](https://medium.com/@singularitynetambassadors)

#### Narrative:
We discussed the progress of ongoing articles.
Kenichi proposed featuring a Mindplex podcast in trivia with 5 questions.
Kenichi provided an update on his article "Zealy Quiz modules."
We talked about issues related to task applications.
Kenichi detailed the onboarding procedure and the grading system, with 3 writers rated as grade A and 2 as grade B.
He explained the rationale behind using Medium and Twitter for articles.
William recommended translating the articles.


#### Decision Items:
- Include the last five episodes of the Mindplex podcast in the trivia.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi will present the quarterly report at the upcoming townhall meeting. [assignee] Kenichi [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- LinkedIn as a platform for articles
- How to increase bonus system points
- Point-based grading system

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Medium publications, Dework, Tasks, task priority, image generators, social media, contribution, monthly statistics
- emotions: Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, hogantuso, Zalfred, Photogee, osmium, killy, GorgaSeagian, 5oundwave5, oep, AndrewBen
- Purpose: The meeting focused on task updates, Video suggestions, and  onboarding process
- Working Docs:
  - [PROPOSAL SHEET FOR VIDEO WORKGROUP ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qt5qzxR2yaqhQp7fnIU07fQSpQkEKfQZsbZ32GzjJ8c/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate
- Malik, the social media manager, provided a rundown of the weekly updates and also shared information about Zealy.
- Hogantuso, the task manager, provided updates on the weekly management tasks.
- Acquintance and introduction of new applicants
- Discussion on video suggestion by osmium on Hyperailbox
- Discussion on the purpose of a video workgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] video suggestion by osmium on Hyperailbox [assignee] osmium, oep [status] todo
- [action] Tuso to guide new applicant andrew  [assignee] hogantuso [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Zealy, Videomaking
- emotions: Friendly, speedy , Casual, engaging new people, positive
## Saturday 13th April 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, lord kizzy, Gorga Siagian, 5oundwave5, flyn
- Purpose: Task Assignment and Q2 outlook review
- Working Docs:
  - [Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10E9GCj7RoHwRSQk8hT7bbxOD1trYh_EdIL-bAlPFXiQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:

The game was not played and not all agenda items were covered because the meeting ran late.


#### Discussion Points:
- Slate outlined the meeting agenda
- Slate showcased the workgroup and the upgrades made to the workgroup 
- Slate also showcased the NPC dialogue system and the questions added to the workgroup lead NPC 
- discussion on other platforms for game creation 
- Quarterly budget was discussed
- timetable for gathering information from various workgroups.

#### Decision Items:
- 2 department creation per month
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Schedule for collecting information

#### Action Items:
- [action] Change stranger with mate/friend in NPC Dialogue [assignee] Slate [status] todo
- [action] Collecting information from video workgroup [assignee] malik, devon [status] todo
- [action] Collecting information from treasury guild [assignee] Gorga Siagian, hufiumer69 [status] todo
- [action] Collecting information from educational guild [assignee] Gorga Siagian, malik [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Budget , Roblox, participation, NPC, Budget Request
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, Thoughtful