---
description: Mon 3rd Mar - Sun 9th Mar 2025
---

# Week 10

## Monday 3rd March 2025

### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], CollyPride, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, EstherG, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw, Duke, Peegee, LadyTempestt, MaxMilez, UKnowZork, Sucre n Spice, osmium, esewilliams
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Github Project Board](https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup)
  - [Interview training slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1tIbACuTHo-xKqF2gkAEn3CbqOC2YkwBVpqvUdOkxqzU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Interviewers' handbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UZTzjgQQvz1bIkB1_ZZR--qyJTfTIGAJSfajD8nmIl4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics WG Quarterly report: quarter 1 2025](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qktaubVgxuKOhTMOlBQ_HEuuKqW_O_EMTCiQvuJADvU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ftfioj9c9q2h)
  - [AI Ethics Q2 2025 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19JPcJTBLct0xeGhVnxNEnsaoXqkE9SKMjWnwAqZ7GRI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI Ethics Workgroup stuff! ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vLC4ZIHO3WN-Ah9XwehRmbwLZAeePsxxYQXmLiiJLnQ/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 and Q4 interviews: matters arising, general issues about interviews so far](https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues/117)

#### Narrative:
1) Interview Issues

Vani has checked most of the interviews for validity.  Some have been sent for payment; others have some issues e.g. incorrect filenames, too short, no consent forms, etc.  See individual interview Issues on the GitHub board for details. The rest will be checked by the end of the Quarter.

Payments will only be made if interviews meet the agreed validity criteria.
We note that a short interview could still be included in the research corpus, provided there is a consent form for it - but in terms of WG payment, we have agreed that interviews should be 30 mins, so ones that are significantly shorter will be paid less. A sliding scale has been devised by the Admin team for interviews that are too short. See https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues/117

We noted that regardless of interview validity, any expenses incurred by interviewees will still be paid.

What we've learned on interviewing:  
- We have noticed some difficulties for people working in a 2nd language - BGI Nexus will consider whether it is possible in future for interviews to be in languages other than English.
- It is helpful to make a habit (as Clement did in his interviews) of avoiding any personally-identifiable info on the recording - e.g. not using the interviewee's name after the initial intro, etc. It makes anonymising easier if it's only the start of the interview that needs to be removed.
- We need a more uniform approach to explaining who the organisation is that's doing the interviews - the nested "sNET/BGI Nexus/ Ambassadors/ AI Ethics WG" can be a bit of a mouthful! Vani will add a suggestion for what to say to the training slides and Interviewers' Handbook.
- For group interviews, a consent form is needed for each person. Use the same identifier code, but with "a" "b" "c" on the end.  
- Selection of interviewees - we have found that it's best to choose people who have something to say. interviews with people who know nothing at all about AI have been difficult. But for future interviews, we could give some thought (perhaps in the flothcoming interviewers' plenary session) to how best to approach interviewees with no or very little knowledge of AI, so we can include them in our research.


2) AI Ethics Discord Forum
We agreed that since the forum isn't being very widely used, we will suspend paying for moderation of it next Quarter. The overal Discord moderation will pick up any problem posts.


3) WG Sync Call
We will mention the planned discussion with CollyPride on March 24th


4) Upcoming training sessions
Esther will run a plenary session / peer learning session for interviewers before the end of the Quarter (i.e before end March) to gather insights on how interviewing has gone so far, and enable updating of the interviewer learning materials to reflect our context.

Vani will run training in transcription skills as soon as possible - we have budgeted for transcription tasks in this Quarter, so if the training can take place soon, there might be time for people to do some transcriptionwork before the ned of the Quarter - although with token price so low, we will almost certainly have to defer some of the se tasks to next Quarter.


5) Q2 2025 budget
This will be submitted by 10th March. Due to low token price, it is quite minimal, and will focus mainly on transcription tasks. Some of the planned transcriptions we budgeted for in q1 will need to be tranferred to Q2 due to the drop in token price.

We noted that in this Quarter (Q1) we originally budgeted to do 33 new interviews. The drop in token price has meant we have had to reduce this to 15; and in Q2, we will not be able to afford to budget for any new interviews - the WG admin team has agreed it's best to focus on transcriptions this Quarter, so we stay "caught up" and don't accumulate a huge backlog of untranscribed interview material.




#### Decision Items:
- Invalid interviews (no consent form, unethical content, etc) is grounds for non-payment. Short interviews (under 30 mins) will be paid on a sliding scale.  Expenses will be paid regardless, even if an interview is inavlid or too short.

- Wrap-up peer learning plenary session for interviewers: looking at good examples, skills exchange etc. Will be led by Esther, probably Wednesday March 19th - afternoon time.


  - [**rationale**] We need to discuss best practices, what didn't work and other issues
- Transcription training, led by Vani, will be done as soon as possible - probably 17th March
  - [**rationale**] so that poeple can undertake the transcribing work that we have budgeted for this Quarter.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] CollyPride to do an Ambassador Event (think/tank) Discussion "AI Autonomy: Fear, Embrace or Ignore?" on March 24th  [**assignee**] CollyPride [**due**] 24 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] WG Sync Call: Let them know about the Ambassador Discussion with CollyPride on March 24th [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kenichi - has he done his survey sharing?  Love will follow up with him. [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 10 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** interviewing, transcription, Q1 2025 quarterly report, Q2 2025 budget, interview validity, anonymity, training, consent form, expenses, peer learning, token price, knowledge of AI, language barrier
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Casual, Friendly


## Tuesday 4th March 2025

### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw, Tevo
- **Purpose:** Weekly GovWG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Ambassador Program Budget Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program Core Contributors](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VW10ZrPOrRBQ_E1T-g9N7POcZaGsq3C0Vr6ygVzMoGU/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Ambassador Program End of Year report - draft outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TxKxP9sDNgvKncAqO0F-UhZgoftMdDktaqbt50-h2XM/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Advance and Clement have drafted a report on the ETHiopia conference, which they will share in the Open Governance meeting this Thurs (6th March).

Dates for forthcoming sessions: 
- the retrospective on the Q2 decision will be on Tues 1st April
- initial meeting on budget minimums on Thurs 3rd April. Vani, Peter, Sucre and Effiom to plan it; Vani to make a Discord group to discuss it.

Other possible sessions for future Governance meetings: 
- 1) We noted that Education Guild are planning to take on some educational sessions on governance issues - Vasu, Lord KIzzy and Vani are planning the sessions now, covering the core governance mechanisms in the Program - so this will cover the longstanding agenda item we have had about whether Governance WG itself should be undertaking governance education sessions

- 2) Kevin suggested a meeting with Mindplex - we decided this might not make so much sense as a Governance session, so Kevin will organise this outside of Governance meetings, perhaps under Marketing.

- 3) Tevo suggested discussing contribution systems, and who contributes - what are the patterns in the data we have, for example who are the "high cost individuals", and should we aim to decentralise further on fund distribution? Others said that perhaps it's OK if "high-cost individuals" are those who are prepared to do the most work. Also - look at the ratio of amount of work (in terms of MINS) vs amount earned in AGIX

- 4) we do need to discuss how to raise the issue of if/when a WG's outputs are felt to be low-quality. What should the pathway be for raising it?


End of Year Report: anything still to be added should be done by this Friday (7th); then Vani will proofread over the weekend.





#### Discussion Points:
- Calculating Core Contributors for Q2
- Signing off Q2 consent form
- Ideas and dates for future Governance sessions (including Mindplex/outreach to the rest of the ecosystem, Governance education; Contribution systems)
- End-Of-Year report 2024

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed it's time to calculate who is a Core Contributor for Q2 - Tevo will do it later today and post the results in the Governance Discord channel
  - [**rationale**] allows time for people to nominate anyone who doesn't quite meet the criteria
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We signed off the Q2 decision consent form
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed we need to discuss how to raise the issue of if/when a WG's outputs are felt to be low-quality. 
  - [**rationale**] Because it's an issue that needs to be discussed, but it can be sensitive, and there is no clear pathway for how to bring it up.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo to calculate who is a Core Contributor for the coming budget decision [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 4 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani, Peter, Sucre and Effiom to plan initial session on budget minimums on 3rd April; Vani to make a Discord group to discuss it. [**assignee**] Effiom, PeterE, Sucre n Spice, CallyFromAuron [**due**] 3 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] End of Year report - All to add any outstanding material by this Friday (7th) [**assignee**] all [**due**] 7 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani will proofread end-of-year report over the weekend [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 10 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kevin to organise meeting with Mindplex outside of Governance meetings, perhaps under Marketing. [**assignee**] TheFreysDeFi [**due**] 14 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Core Contributors , Retrospective planning , budget minimums, ETHiopia event, consent form, consent process, mindplex, Collaboration, contribution, high-cost individuals
- **emotions:** low attendance, decisive,  forward-looking, Discursive


## Wednesday 5th March 2025


### Archives Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Stephen [QADAO] [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], André, CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], PeterE, AshleyDawn, maxmilez, TheFreysDeFi, LordKizzy, Tevo, Zalfred, esewilliams, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Archives Dashboard ](https://archives-dashboard.netlify.app)
  - [Q1 2025 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Archive names (a list of the name that people are most commonly known by in the Archives)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1r5LDA7yiERtWuu-HHYsBiG-RLyjDCtTZUB8H-xZHFsE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 2025 DRAFT Quarterly report for Archives WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JUyVzyjeGJkFkjtzkqk-glsqzdUqlIZ5LdOwWM5OGJY/edit?usp=sharing )
  - [q2 2025 budget draft](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BLCkYgyV0rnt-Ntlqp_DXGCm1t3KieAVMS_HaUamqQI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GitHub Issue for this meeting](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/247)

#### Decision Items:
- Last meeting, we said that we would review, in this meeting, whether or not we can afford to implement the proposed initiative for this Quarter to create a skilled documentation team. 

Unfortunately token price is even lower than it was, so we definitely cannot do it - but we noted that the need for it might be obviated by our proposed experiment with not correcting summaries in Q2.

We agreed to close the Issue https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/235
  - [**rationale**] We had this in our Q1 budget: "If token price rises sufficiently above $0.55" (the exchange rate at which Q1 budgets were calculated). Price has dropped.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Our Quarterly Report draft https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/231 and Q2 budget draft https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BLCkYgyV0rnt-Ntlqp_DXGCm1t3KieAVMS_HaUamqQI/edit?usp=sharing were signed off
  - [**rationale**] Needs to be submitted on 10th March
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- André, tool development: see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/248
This month the Autosave feature has been completed, and bug fixes have been done

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that whilst during this Quarter, André has done additional development work as well as the Summary Tool redesign, in Q2 his focus will shift purely to the tool redesign
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- AI workflow, Q1 - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/233 

We noted that Stephen was planning to look this month at approaches to auditing graph data - but this turned out to be a much bigger chunk of work than would fit into this budget line, so it has become a proposal in the BGI Nexus funding round  https://deepfunding.ai/proposal/ethical-ai-auditing-a-practice-based-approach/ 

Instead, in this issue, he will be focusing on building infrastructure tools.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- LLM development (see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/244 (Feb) and https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/252 (March)
Stephen has built a GitHub App Token Generator - basic proof-of-concept, which uses GraphQL to interface with GitHub data via GitHub API.  In March, he will be looking at other data tools that might be useful in our work in Q2.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- WG Sync call at the end of March - we decided to reiterate that meeting summaries will not be audited during Q2, and suggest a time limit to submit a summary, after which it will be recorded as "no summary given"

Suggestions ranged from a day to a Quarter - we settled on a month after the meeting took place.
  - [**rationale**] It shouldn't be turned into a competition; also, some WGs use meeting summary-writing as an onboarding task, so there needs to be time for support to be given and corrections to be made.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Research on not correcting meeting summaries in Q2: 

We noted that our planned approach might influence what kind of data we get in a meeting summary, and in the resultant knowledge graph. 

Hypothesis: we will get well-defined edges (i.e. connections between entities), because this often depends on simple structured data (who was present in a meeting, which meetings a given topic was discussed in, etc); but we might have less information about what anyone *said* when they discussed a topic, since people in the Ambassador program have historically been less good at documenting this kind of information.

Analysis of what kind of data we are getting with uncorrected summaries might later feed in to the design of the new summary tool - perhaps by attempting to design it to help people collect the kind of data that is missing, if any.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani has approached DeepFunding, to ask if the Events Circle could take on documentation of DF Town Hall. Focus Group agreed this would be valid - waiting for a reply

Also some interest in Focus Group re: how the Archives tool could be used for further documentation within DF [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 2 April 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] André has fixed the  issue with tags where people are copy-pasting strings of comma-separated tags into the summary tool, but they are not rendering as separate tags, but as strings.  [**assignee**] André [**due**] 5 March 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] André and Vani to meet to wrap up the tag taxonomy issue by deciding on an initial controlled vocab for topic and emotion tags [**assignee**] André, CallyFromAuron [**due**] 2 April 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Andre to add "All", "Alfred Itodele" and "Maxmilez" as new Names in the names controlled vocab [**assignee**] André [**due**] 19 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** graph database, Neo4j, summary tool, autosave, decision tracking, Robert Stalnaker, AI ethics, Ai recordkeeping ethics, graph data modelling, Python, JSON, Decentralisation, Decentralization, representing our culture in summaries, tag taxonomy, names taxonomy, controlled vocabularies, comma-separated tags, semantic similarity, recordkeeping ethics, archives ethics
- **emotions:** interesting, wide-ranging, well-attended, slightly combative

### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, FranklynStein, Gorga Siagian, kenichi, Malik, osmium, Tevo, TheFreysDeFi, unkowzork, Zalfred, Kateri, Slate, maxmilez
- **Purpose:** Budget Request Discussion- Quarterly Report- Project Updates
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Budget Request](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18MsTHmpJ0wU6_JvTfi2q8_XfKvMbUWyQgpsClxyi91s/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
  - [Quarterly Report ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cgd0MmAyUTPd3qIABrq5nyRaiR_6T9S9WR0ib3XDeXM/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
-  Project Updates
- Budget Request Discussion
- Quarterly Report

#### Discussion Points:
- meeting started off with slight discussion in regards to recording meeting participation of education guild directly from discord 
- Then Project Updates were given , starting off from Ai for beginners , Slate mentioned that resources are just waiting to be rolled out and rest of the project is complete 
- Wiki website updates were given by Franklyn in which he mentioned that the video addition part and the dashboard integration part of the website is left which will be done shortly 
- Afterwards Osmium showcased the blueprint for the governance series in which multiple questions were asked.It was also mentioned that with the current scope of the project in the blueprint its going to be hard executing it with the current budget 
- Updates from the presentation series were given by Kenichi, in which he mentioned he is having calls with the content creators, and the next module #2 has also been assigned.
- Slate showcased the budget request in which only one project is going to be undertaken in the next quarter with decreased operations cost 
- Meeting closed off with clement showcasing the quarterly report and sharing it for suggestions with everyone 

#### Decision Items:
- Undertake one project per quarter 
  - [**rationale**] Most agreed
  - [**opposing**] nil
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Slate to checkout quarterly report  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 9 March 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Send out dashboards and video samples to frank [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 10 March 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Franklyn to make embedding of the videos and Dashboards [**assignee**] FranklynStein [**due**] 14 March 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Project Updates,  Budget Allocation, AI open discussion , Q1 2025 quarterly report, Q2 2025 budget, AI for beginners, wiki website, Governance Workshop Presentation Series
- **emotions:**  Collaborative


## Thursday 6th March 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Clement Umoh [**facilitator**], Eric Davies [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, Eric Davies, LordKizzy, CJFrankie, guillermolucero, PeterE, AshleyDawn, advanceameyaw, Sucre n Spice
- **Purpose:** Weekly Open Governance meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Governance calls, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Context setting for Core Contributor decision on Q2 2025 budgets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yXP6yaEmSsb-Lz4Zcyr1dz_fHZJ78YTDenSbOC36bzc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 2025 Governance WG Quarterly Report _ 050325](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QSjiAAOrDyvh927peB1cOrosd0XkU8gbI7EkxoDtdAk/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ybfi2uikflvv)
  - [A REPORT ON THE ETHIOPIA POP UP CITY CONFERENCE AND HACKATHON ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DBSIJsBIMaRr7Cxj9EBJ_w9Pe3M4DcaMUUH7CPeoGtA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Guillermo - outstanding Q1 GovWG meeting summaries](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17QMHy0egCggNAKSD4U8ObNYgHAZ18Rwg?usp=drive_link)

#### Narrative:
Quarterly Report: 
Guillermo shared the quarterly report draft and posted them in the Governance Discord for review until submission is due on Monday 

Outstanding meeting summaries:
Guillermo has some outstanding meeting summaries which he still needs to add to the Summary Tool

Retrospective on ETHiopia Pop Up City Conference And Hackathon: 
- Clement shared a detailed report on his and Advance's attendance at this event, covering involvement in events, hackathons, media, and community engagement, highlighting challenges, support from volunteers, and key contributions from Samuel and Advance.

- He shared insights on their engagement at the event, highlighting outreach efforts; discussions on AI, blockchain, and decentralization; keynote presentations; KPI achievements, and future plans for sustaining momentum through partnerships and virtual meetups.

- CJFrankie applauded Clement and Advance for their outreach efforts in Ethiopia and raised concerns about the general lack of awareness of SingularityNET, especially among African audiences. He suggested allocating resources for physical meetups to enhance engagement and proposed that workgroups focus on making SingularityNET tools more accessible. He also requested clarification on whether SNET tools were used during the Hackathon.

- Advance explained that most hackathons operate in pools, often sponsored by different ecosystems like Mantle, and Ethereum in the context of the hackathon held during the program. Participants build projects using the sponsors' technologies, and those who integrate these tools effectively can receive funding or prizes. If SingularityNET were to sponsor a hackathon, it could incentivize developers to onboard their projects onto the AI Marketplace by offering prize pools for utilizing SNET services.

- Clement suggested that if SingularityNET had engaged earlier in the hackathon, it could have introduced the AI Marketplace sooner, leading to more participants utilizing its services. He recommended that SingularityNET consider sponsoring such events in the future to encourage developers to build on its platform and integrate its AI tools.

- Peter noted that SingularityNET is already sponsoring Hack India but emphasized that larger organizations like Deep Funding or the ASI Foundation are better suited for sponsorships. He highlighted that the AI Marketplace is still in beta, with many services as proof-of-concept. With the ASI merger, platforms like Agentverse and ASI Create will integrate, but onboarding developers remains unclear during this transition.



#### Discussion Points:
- Q2 Quarterly Report 
- Outstanding meeting summaries
-  Retrospective on ETHiopia Attendance Pop Up City Conference And Hackathon

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Advance & Clement to write an article capturing experiences from the Ethiopia event and share it with the team. [**assignee**] advanceameyaw, Clement Umoh [**due**] 20 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Clement to discuss with the Marketing Workgroup about uploading event content on media channels. [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**due**] 20 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Clement to follow up with collected contacts to explore potential collaborations. [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**due**] 20 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo to integrate any comments/corrections to Q1 Quarterly report, and submit it and Q2 budget by the deadline of midnight on Mon 10th March [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 10 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** ETHiopia event, Hackathon, sponsorship, AI marketplace, Q1 2025 quarterly report, Africa, awareness of sNET in Africa, Retrospective,  events attendance, Partnership, virtual meetups, sNET tools, making SingularityNET tools more accessible
- **emotions:** Accountability, Organised,  informative, Discursive, Educative

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Sandbox
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, advanceameyaw, Santos, CollyPride, martinsoki, PeterE, Maximus, Kateri, osmium, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** AI Roundtable Discussion/Debate:Open source and closed source AI models 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK Session #19](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vUW3rIxBKlLqHID-vleANpIVo3foXXD5FGanxNaAJbU/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [NuNet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cJnfweMp_TFWH_xjKYlve6ling0-hKzznFikDWfMdaw/viewform?edit_requested=true)
  - [Approval Form to Join Organisation(s) and approval for the Wormhole Key](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1oncymLRRyTAW3QVyH4aJfN4Rlef43djJc9zSvtPRhWU/viewform?edit_requested=true)
  - [Blueprint for AI Sandbox/ Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [THINK PIECES/ FEEDBACK FORM](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeaHNdmWPc29G0x4Ojy43wULUfRgYiSTfWnFtr8lVoObk_mjQ/viewform?usp=dialog)
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINKTANK](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pgAs8NPzSgSFSjrm0y461KGAKutKIJpC25J5lNrh0ZQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Meeting Coordination and Introduction: The meeting kicked off with lordkizzy going over the agenda of the meeting and he introduced the breaker session. 

- Showing the Nunet Application Onboarding Form, Approval Form to Join Organisation(s), and approval for the Wormhole Key and how to install the Nunet Application.
- Discussed for Retrospective on the previous Project Showcase session, announcement on the continuation of the Project Showcase session with Nunet session led by the Nunet team- Sam, Jeniffer, Bube [10min]
Any Doubts or Queries about the NuNet setup. Folks can ask through the Think Pieces Forms. We have explained the installation process and requirements. Installation requires a compatible operating system such as Windows, Mac, or Linux. Users must provide their email and location for network purposes during the installation. Technical expertise is assessed on a scale of one to five to tailor user support and guidance.
- Budget Discussion  and ideation led by Lord Kizzy and Budget Allocation for Q2.Budget cuts announced for Q2, reducing allocations by 45%. Budget cuts for Q2 will result in a 45% reduction in allocations across various categories.All tasks within the AI Sandbox will experience budget cuts, including administrative and project management expenses. AI exhibition rewards reduced to $25 per session. Project showcase rewards reduced to $40 per session. The decision aims to ensure financial sustainability and manage resources effectively amidst current economic challenges.



    

- Clarified that Q1 2025 budget remains unchanged, reductions apply to Q2. Q1 budget remains unchanged, ensuring all allocated funds for this quarter are intact. Reductions in budget allocations will take effect starting Q2, impacting various project areas. Explained delay in paying out tasks due to token price. The payout for tasks is currently delayed due to the low token price. The team is unable to distribute rewards until the token price increases.Once the token price rises, the rewards will be processed and distributed to members.
- Discussed roster for documenting and facilitating in Q2. The roster for documenting and facilitating in Q2 will include:Members must attend three consecutive meetings or five within the quarter to become eligible for task assignments.Documentation tasks will be open to all members, with mentorship available for those needing guidance. The project showcase will require completed projects under the Singularity Net ecosystem for presentation.

#### Decision Items:
- Next week's meeting will focus on recognizing and discussing Nunet application challenges and issues. 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Members agreed that the budget allocation for Q2 will be reduced by 45% from the previous budget and that the payment for Q1 will be paid if the $AGIX token price rises.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kateri Documenting for the next session [**assignee**] Kateri [**due**] 13 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy Share the template for AI project showcase with Alfred [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 13 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy Pin  the Nunet Application onboarding form on the WG's Discord channel [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 13 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kateri create a documenting and facilitation roster for Q2 2025 [**assignee**] Kateri [**due**] 27 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:**  Budget Allocation, Nunet, Project Showcase, Q1 2025 budget, Q2 2025 budget, Budget caps, low token price, Documentation Roster
- **emotions:** Welcoming, Interactive, Informative, Educative
## Friday 7th March 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], LordKizzy, photogee, kareem, kenichi, CJFrankie, SubZero, Gorga Siagian, Eric Davies, esewilliams, Evelyn, Kateri, advanceameyaw, TheFreysDeFi, Malik, PeterE, uknowzork
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 Marketing Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/168pruRm203FI-hAQSaVQ3wuz62bdgKKoDnKSu7dYI-M/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Design Work Group(under marketing)](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/11S48I_jYovOB_Feyj0ZRVAdbmM8u1ztcbpCh7C1y-gY/edit?usp%253Dsharing%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740672236759656%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw0ZOENfBt_1d9aJBh6k0bh3&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740672236764018&usg=AOvVaw0ZJ0G-_bvispWqK7jdvKXh)
  - [Q2/2025 R&D New Proposal Submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf1RXR5kSfpGzQdm5si1yJzBONYzafhTcDWhYuTJoPq7nInLg/viewform)
  - [R&D New Proposal Submission [Template] ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)

#### Discussion Points:
- The discussion began with a warm greeting from Ayo. He addressed the summary from the last meeting and noted some missing action items. 
- Projects management: We went through the project management board and addressed all pending tasks one after the other. 
LordKizzy raised an opportunity for community members to bring their initiative to R&D Workgroup channel and submit their proposal so it can go into review and might get funded. 
- A.O.B: 
Design Workgroup under marketing guild: Kareem noted that the way Graphics designers function is not the best for content deliverables. He noted that this initiative helps define their role, help us with templates creation, and helps to structure all graphics.
Ayo asked why can't the proposal not be done by the core members in the guild? Kareem responded that the idea is to make sure that structure is implemented.
Ayo brought up a suggestion that all the graphics team members in the guild should have a call and discuss this proposal.
He asked what is the difference between this budget attached to this structure and the present guild budget for graphics team members.
Ayo suggested that we need to properly consider the initiative presented, consider it alongside the governance document, consider the output, consider the increment in the budget that goes to the graphics team and so on. He went on and urge members to go through the documents both governance document and the initiative document so we can discuss about the implementation next meeting.
LordKizzy suggested that in terms so budgeting if the initiative can correlate with the current allocation that we have for graphics design it will be very feasible because we are currently having a huge budget constraints.
Kareem noted that the budget proposed is to guide the workflow and if the guild isn't able to fund all it means something will not be done.



Podcast Initiatives and Marketing Guild Concerns: Photogee made a comment about the initiative team of the podcast initiative,he noted that they are some criterias for the podcast team to meet in order to keep the ground running. He noted that education guild has a webinar series coming up and it is similar to what we are trying to achieve, stating that it might limit us to many things.

He went further and raised a concern about the voting process of the marketing guild. He noted that he feels there is a loophole and it is the fact that we vote during the meetings, he proposed that if we want to make a smart decision we should make the decision in our locked channel not on the call because it gives changes for anybody not in the guild to vote.
Ayo made a comment that he agrees that decisions are to be made by only Marketing guild members i.e people that are dedicated and committed to the guild. He noted that our guild is a very interesting guild and that is why at the beginning we decided that the guild call is a must to attend and if you can't attend make sure you have a good reason and make sure you announce it because decision are to be made during the call and people that are not dedicated to the meeting are not valid to made a decision on the guild they don't value. However, he noted that we should also see what the governance document says about the decision making.
But he noted that the majority who are committed are the majority that should get to decide.
LordKizzy noted that on a normal basis if a document is posted on the channel people don't give feedback on the channel and they come back during the meeting to starting asking questions. He noted that if decision are making during the meeting 

Social media engagement: Photogee noted that we have a very poor engagement on our social media platforms and noted that this concern has been raised before, and if we engage on our social media post ourselves others will follow up. 
Monthly analysis of marketing guild budget: Photogee noted that LordKizzy owes it to the guild to create a monthly report of very money that is spent so that we would know keep track of our expenses and reserve.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Martin to ensure that the governance document link is included in the action items and summary notes for the next meeting. [**assignee**] martinsoki [**status**] done
- [**action**] Members to review the governance document  [**assignee**] members  [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ese to present the governance document at the next meeting. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ese to document all Q1 useful links into our Issues [**assignee**] esewilliams [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Members to go through governance document and the design initiative document so it will be addressed next week  [**assignee**] members  [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kareem to have a discussion with Gorga regarding the proposed structure for the graphics team. [**assignee**] kareem [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget, graphics design initiative, governance document, Project Management, Podcaster.ai
- **emotions:** Friendly,  informative, Discursive