---
description: Mon 10th Mar - Sun 16th Mar 2025
---

# Week 11

## Wednesday 12th March 2025


### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Slate [**documenter**], AshleyDawn, Clement Umoh, esewilliams, frosh, Gorga Siagian, TheFreysDeFi, kenichi, LordKizzy, Malik, osmium, Zalfred, hogantuso, photogee, Slate, maxmilez
- **Purpose:** Webinar Series Discussion (Marketing, AI Sandbox, Education), Budget Consent Process (Reminder)- Website Background Video Showcasing - Presentation Series Update by Kenichi - Osmium and kizzy updates for Governance Series- Certification Program Discussion 
- **Working Docs:**

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Webinar Series Discussion (Marketing, AI Sandbox, Education)
- Budget Consent Process (Reminder)
- Website Background Video Showcasing
- Presentation Series Update by Kenichi
-  Osmium and kizzy updates for Governance Series
- Certification Program Discussion
- Ai for Beginners Ese 

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started off with the discussion upon the initiative of Education Guild named as "Webinar Series", which focuses upon holding one on one discussion with the spin-offs , photogee from marketing guild 
- photogee notified that he is here to discuss that whether or not there is a overlap between what marketing guild is planning to do and what the education guild is doing 
- Multiple poiints and topics were raised from this conversation from the three groups Marketing , Education and Ai Sandbox , which led to clearing off doubts between the guild 
- Slate notified that the consent process has started so make sure to put your opinions in regards to your respective contributing guilds 
- Then some background options were showcased in regards to the education guild wiki website and a vote between the three option is meant to be put which would lead to that video being implemented on the site 
- Kenichi gave updates in regards to presentation series notifying that he would be reaching to module 3 assignee for the task assignment and pushing the work. and also shared module 1 doc 
- Osmium and kizzy gave updates from the governance series that they would be requiring an additional 300$ for th execution of the complete project
- There were also discussion in regards to CCCP platform some suggestions were given by tuso which were noted and would be discussed in upcoming calls 
- Final updates from AI for Beginners were given by ese notifying that she is negotiating with Andrew in regards to the posting and kizzy volunteered to help out in regards to it as well 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Slate to host votes for the videos  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 19 March 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Frank to add background videos  [**assignee**] FranklynStein [**due**] 19 March 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Negotiate with andrew  [**assignee**] LordKizzy, esewilliams [**due**] 19 March 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Project Updates, Overlap Discussion,  Budget Allocation, Voting, presentation series, Governance series, Consent process, Certification program
- **emotions:**  Collaborative



### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], LordKizzy, advanceameyaw, osmium, PeterE, AshleyDawn, guillermolucero, CollyPride, alfred itodole, TheFreysDeFi, jeffrey ndarake
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [MeTTa Coder Lab drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yUE7TQSRzE6BUyOUh41mHQGb_WmZhyEb)
  - [Nunet Application Form ](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwU_T2iANX63x3AYyofSb3s2cjp8SPZhMeoK60MTD8nSiIbA/viewform)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction

- Review of last meeting summary Action Items


- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs


- MetaCoders Lab Discussion

- AOB Open discussions

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items: Lordkizzy went through the action items for the previous meeting and we had a brief introduction for new members

- Discussion on MetaCoderLab Collaboration: Guillermo requested for feedback on the discussion in the wg syncing call, which peter addressed that he presented this during the session, but there weren't much feedback. Vasu Madaan underscored the role of ICOG Labs in guiding MeTTa Coder Labs, emphasizing the need for a strong teaching team to ensure project success. The group discussed preparing a proposal for the BGI event to showcase community contributions and potential collaboration with ICOG interns. Peter shared updates on the Hack India initiative, including a video trailer and new resources on the Beyond the Code YouTube channel. The discussion also touched on funding challenges faced by the MeTTa CoderLab, reinforcing the importance of accessible resources for understanding MeTTa Language
- New proposal applications: Guillermo went over the proposal submissions. There were two submissions (AI agent and a meeting scheduling system), he gave a summary of the AI agent proposal, and suggested to extend the submission deadline to encourage more proposals, which we all agreed to, and we discussed strategies for promoting this opportunity.
- R&D Guild Spotlight: Guillermo suggested that the marketing team take charge of the spotlight initiative. Kizzy supported this by proposing a series to highlight previous projects/contributors

- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard: Guillermo noted that the research has been concluded and he is going to push the work to some developers for fast deployment.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to extend the submission deadline till the 19th of March
  - [**rationale**] this was done to encourage more proposals 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to follow up on communication with the soft launch of the deployment of Legacy [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 12 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy to schedule a call with the representatives of the Education guild, Gamers guild, AI Sandbox Thinktank and Onboarding WG [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 12 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Nunet, CSDB, MeTTa Coder Lab,  Team Collaboration , legacy project
- **emotions:**  Collaborative,  informative,  Understanding.  


## Thursday 13th March 2025

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], LordKizzy, AshleyDawn, Gorga Siagian, Santos, CollyPride, PeterE, Maximus, Kateri, TheFreysDeFi
- **Purpose:** Feedback on Nunet application 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK Session #19](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vUW3rIxBKlLqHID-vleANpIVo3foXXD5FGanxNaAJbU/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [NuNet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cJnfweMp_TFWH_xjKYlve6ling0-hKzznFikDWfMdaw/viewform?edit_requested=true)
  - [Approval Form to Join Organisation(s) and approval for the Wormhole Key](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1oncymLRRyTAW3QVyH4aJfN4Rlef43djJc9zSvtPRhWU/viewform?edit_requested=true)
  - [Blueprint for AI Sandbox/ Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [THINK PIECES/ FEEDBACK FORM](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeaHNdmWPc29G0x4Ojy43wULUfRgYiSTfWnFtr8lVoObk_mjQ/viewform?usp=dialog)
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINKTANK](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pgAs8NPzSgSFSjrm0y461KGAKutKIJpC25J5lNrh0ZQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Meeting Coordination and Introduction: The meeting kicked off with lordkizzy  asking for feedback on onboarding the Nunet applied on our devices and the onboarding form.

- Live Testing & Feedback: Lordkizzy asked members about their experiences in onboarding the device and encouraged us all to test the features and give feedback. He also reminded to fill Nunet onboarding form.
Members that didn’t onboard the application were encouraged to onboard the appliance onto their devices before the next meeting. 
Lord kizzy announced that every member that has any difficulty should ask questions on the channel.
- Next Session: Lordkizzy noted that the next meeting will include Sam and the Nunet team, and also noted that additional features will be explored, and live demonstrations will take place.
- Documenting next meeting: Santos is to document this next meeting summary.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Santos to document the next meeting summary [**assignee**] Santos [**due**] 20 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Members that were given feedback should follow up and apply it [**assignee**] Santos, maximus, Gorga Siagian, AshleyDawn [**due**] 13 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lord Kizzy to reach out Santos to confirm his availability  [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 13 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Members must onboard the appliance before the next session. [**assignee**] Member [**due**] 20 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Nunet, Project Showcase, Q1 2025 budget, Q2 2025 budget, Budget caps, Nunet live testing
- **emotions:** Welcoming, Interactive, Informative, Educative
## Friday 14th March 2025


### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], LordKizzy, photogee, kareem, kenichi, CJFrankie, Gorga Siagian, Eric Davies, esewilliams, Kateri, Malik, PeterE, Éveline Trinité, advanceameyaw, UknowZork, Jeffrey Ndarake, TheFreysDeFi, Max Milez, SubZero
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Marketing Guild Distribution Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BCxm7OateG6m8JhMORU9LXAvgO2aDgZsZbpSQwhuiPk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q1 Marketing Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/168pruRm203FI-hAQSaVQ3wuz62bdgKKoDnKSu7dYI-M/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Design Work Group(under marketing)](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/11S48I_jYovOB_Feyj0ZRVAdbmM8u1ztcbpCh7C1y-gY/edit?usp%253Dsharing%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1740672236759656%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw0ZOENfBt_1d9aJBh6k0bh3&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1740672236764018&usg=AOvVaw0ZJ0G-_bvispWqK7jdvKXh)
  - [Q2/2025 R&D New Proposal Submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf1RXR5kSfpGzQdm5si1yJzBONYzafhTcDWhYuTJoPq7nInLg/viewform)
  - [R&D New Proposal Submission [Template] ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14cl-X09nWY2RIDKcPWZv14-JbQqohovggJ0HOp6DKXk/edit)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)

#### Discussion Points:
- Introduction of New members: The discussion began with a warm greeting from Ayo. He addressed the summary from the last meeting. New members shared their experiences and introduced themselves.
- Update on Marketing Guild Google drive: Photogee admitted he keeps forgetting but will share the link with LordKizzy.
- Discussion on Governance Doc:
Ayo asked Martinsoki why the governance document link wasn’t in the summary, and Martinsoki said he couldn’t find it. Ayo then asked Ese to send the link.

Ayo asked if anyone had reviewed the governance document, emphasizing that discussing it without prior review was pointless. Kareem responded that, aside from Kenichi’s document merger, everyone had seen it before. Ayo pointed out that Kareem was involved in creating it, so he was already familiar with it. Ese added that Ayo should have seen it too since no changes were made to the document.

Ese presented the governance document, outlining its focus on the Guild’s operations and decision-making framework—key challenges affecting attendance, task completion, metric evaluation, payments, and compensation. The document addresses decision-making issues, including who participates, the required quorum, and the overall process. For more details visit “https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0”.

Photogee raised concerns about decision-making, suggesting that while Zoom calls allow discussions, final decisions should be based on Discord polls for better engagement. He noted that if only 30% of members vote, the decision could be invalid. Ayo asked if a locked channel was meant to prevent uninformed voting. Photogee clarified that key decisions should be made by the core team and task force members, as they manage the guild. Kenichi supported voting on Discord, arguing it ensures transparency and a recorded history, unlike one-time decisions made on Zoom.
- Discussion on March Issues: Ayo asked Ese regarding the GitHub board if it's too early to start discussing March issues. Ese responded that the issues for March are yet to be out.
- A.O.B: TheFreysDefi proposed creating a direct pipeline from marketing to MindPlex to enhance mobility and visibility within the ecosystem. He suggested reinstating an overarching guild, possibly called the MindPlex Guild, to unify all three guilds. Ayo acknowledged the idea but emphasized that the current focus is on discussing the governance document, as it is essential for progress.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided that all members should take a look at the Governance document and drop comments where necessary.
  - [**rationale**] So that discussion on the Gov document in the next meeting will be smooth and comprehensive.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ese to document all Q1 useful links into our Github Issue Board  [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 28 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Photogee to add items to Marketing Guild Google Drive [**assignee**] photogee [**due**] 21 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Martin to ensure that the governance document link is included in the action items and summary notes for the next meeting. [**assignee**] martinsoki [**due**] 21 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All members to read the governance documents and provide comments before the next meeting. [**assignee**] members  [**due**] 21 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LordKizzy to present the marketing guild budget/report  [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 21 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** governance document, Mindplex, Marketing Guild Google Drive
- **emotions:** Friendly,  informative,  Satisfaction ,  Understanding.  



### Video Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], Malik [**documenter**], LordKizzy, Slate, Zalfred, killy, AndrewBen, devon, SubZero, hogantuso
- **Purpose:** To review the impact of cost-cutting measures and Q2 budget review
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- Review of Budget Adjustments:
Impact assessment of reduced video-related tasks.
- Q2 Budget Changes:
Lord Kizzy went through the Q2 budget submitted upon request and clarification to the members that were not present in the last meeting.
LordKizzy presented the final version of the Q2 budget and stated that if we need to do any adjustments that is above 10% of the total budget we will need to go through the consent process but if it’s less than that it could be decided within the workgroup.

- Friendly Discussion:
Friendly discussion about the respective regions of Video WG members took place.

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Budget Review,  Budget change request  
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Friendly,  Optimism ,  forward-thinking


## Saturday 15th March 2025

### Gamers Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], devon [**documenter**], LordKizzy, rebel, Gorga Siagian, AshleyDawn, hogantuso, TheFreysDeFi, Kateri, Malik, Slate
- **Purpose:** The purpose of this Gamers Guild meeting was to demonstrate how to fetch dynamic data into Roblox games via API calls, revisit the paused asset creation task, and review progress on various workgroup buildings.
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- API Calls and Google Sheets Integration by Slate: 

Showcased how to enable HTTPS requests and API services in Roblox Studio.

Demonstrated fetching real-time data (e.g., player names/scores) from a Google Sheet via JSON, updating within the game at set intervals.

Confirmed the method can apply to other use cases (e.g., live budget or analytics data).

- Asset Creation Task Update:

Announced partial resumption of the asset creation budget, allowing five submissions total for this month (one per person).

Further asset approvals depend on AGIX price stability and remaining Guild budget.

- Writers Work Group Progress by Kizzy:

Administrative Building

Refined the design: meeting rooms, labeled offices, improved stairs, and additional NPCs.

Plan to introduce dialogue systems or other scripted functionality (e.g., user registration, document submission) in future.

- Added lounge/cafeteria, study room, and a planned “onboarding test” area.

Proposed MCQ or scripted entry test for prospective members.

Several new NPCs now populate the building, awaiting further animations and expansions from co-creator Devon.

- Other Workgroup Updates:

No new major updates from R&D or Education Guild.

Rebel indicated continued work on assigned tasks.


#### Decision Items:
- Asset Creation budget partially reopened for up to five assets total this month.
  - [**rationale**] we can afford 5 asset creation

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] map creators [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, Kateri [**due**] 29 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Department creation - Writers Workgroup [**assignee**] LordKizzy, devon [**due**] 29 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Department creation - RnD Guild [**assignee**] SubZero, rebel [**due**] 29 March 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Animation and Dialogue System - Education Guild [**assignee**] Malik, hufiumer69 [**due**] 29 March 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Game Rules:
Squid Game - Red light Green light: the first to reach the end without dying wins.


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Kizzy

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Scripting, Roblox, API integration, dynamic data, asset creation, Google Sheets Integration
- **emotions:**  Collaborative,  informative, Constructive 
- **games played:** Squid game