---
description: Mon 6th Oct - Sun 12th Oct 2025
---

# Week 41

## Monday 6th October 2025

### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], Grandi, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, CallyFromAuron, UKnowZork, AshleyDawn, barnabas, CollyPride, Alfred Itodele, LadyTempestt, Sucre n Spice, EstherG, Omolola, AJ, Mariia Lagutina
- **Purpose:** Monthly meeting of the AI Ethics workgroup
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
#### AI Ethics MOOC 
As agreed, we revisited the idea of joining a MOOC and meeting to discuss. Some members (Gorga, Alfred, MaxMilez, Guillermo, Vani) are still interested despite pressure of other work. FutureLearn (3-week course) and Coursera (4 weeks) were agreed on the best options as they are relatively short. Final decision will be made async, and we'll aim to start soon and review progress during the November meeting.

#### BGI-25
Several workgroups (R&D, LatAm, Archives, ThinkTank, and (tbc) African Guild) will be presenting sessions via Zoom on Day 3 of the conference (23rd October), which is an "Unconference" (a more paricipatory, less planned event where anyone can present a session).  AI Ethics WG is taking a co-ordinating role for this, and will also be presenting a session to showcase our research work. We assigned Sucre as presenter, Love as facilitator, and Lola as documenter for our session. 

Esther and Vani are preparing web text connecting the BGI 25 Unconference to the ambassador programs. A draft will be ready by tomorrow or soon after, and final breakout room timings will be added once confirmed.

We discussed what should be said in the session. Group members highlighted the cultural advantages of interviewer–interviewee alignment, noting that shared backgrounds especially within West African contexts often yield richer and more authentic responses. Members raised concerns about interviewee diversity and the risk of over-centralizing certain perspectives within the research. The group also considered the challenges and benefits of conducting interviews in non-English languages, recognizing the potential for deeper engagement and more nuanced insights; and mentionbed the importance of how we train interviewers and transcribers

WG members were invited to contribute async any further personal insights on interviews and transcription processes by the Wednesday, and these will be incorporated ino the presentation. There will be a final planning meeting this Wednesday at 9 a.m. UTC to finalize breakout content.

This work is funded directly by the Foundation, not from the WG budget.

#### Interview coding
Merry (Mariia), an intern supporting Esther with qualitative research, introduced herself. She has been coding the WG's interviews and has so far completed 4. She will be taking part in the group's session at the BGI-25 virtual unconference to present early findings.

#### Budget fitting
The Q4 2025 budget, initially approved at an exchange rate of $0.28, was reviewed due to volatile and lower actual rates. 
Budget items cancelled: community engagement work (other than BGI-25); coding interviews. 
Budget items reduced: 11 transcripts rather than the planned 14.
These adjustments bring the equivalent rate to a safer $0.22. The workgroup agreed to maintain a cautious approach, with further reviews planned for November based on exchange rate developments.

#### Q4 2025 tasks
Interviewing and transcription tasks were assigned. We noted that Jeffrey completed a bonus interview in the previous quarter; his payment will be processed in the current one. We also assigned meeting documentation tasks for this Quarter's meetings. Vani will add all tasks to the github board in the coming week.

#### Payment structure for short interviews
Reminder that interviewers should aim for 30 mins or more of actual interview material (i.e. not counting introductions, going through the consent form, etc). If they don't reach this, the payment structure is
    25 mins and upward - full pay, $25
    20-25 mins: $15
    10-20 mins: $10
    Under 10 mins: $0

We also confirmed that Vani will offer support via DM to first-time interviewers if they need it.
      



#### Decision Items:
- Budget adjustment - the group agreed to remove community engagement and coding activities due to budget constraints.
The number of transcription tasks was reduced from 14 to 11.
  - [**rationale**] due to fall in token price 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 4 interviews is budgeted for this quarter - one already completed by Jeffrey. To assign the other 3, the admin team prioritized those who haven't done interviewing before. Deadline: 31st October. 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- 11 transcription tasks were assigned. All recordings will be anonymised before giving to a transcriber. Deadline: 14th November. Only transcribers with a record of high-quality work will be assigned tasks this time. 

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani will create relevant GitHub issues for Q4 tasks. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 13 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All participants: Contribute to the spreadsheet with insights for the BGI 25 breakout room by Wednesday. [**assignee**] All Participants [**due**] 8 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Presenter, Facilitator, and Documenter for the BGI-25 session [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice, Omolola, LadyTempestt [**due**] 23 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Admin team to monitor and review the budget adjustments, with potential revisions in November.
 [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron, Sucre n Spice, LadyTempestt [**due**] 3 November 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Esther and Vani to coordinate and develop promotional materials for the BGI 25 Unconference  [**assignee**] EstherG, CallyFromAuron [**due**] 8 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** outreach and promotion plan for BGI 25, AI Ethics MOOC Study group, interviewing, transcription, work standards, BGI-25 Virtual Unconference, interview coding, Q4 2025 budget, Budget fitting, qualitative research
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Interactive, Solution oriented, Discursive


## Thursday 9th October 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LadyTempestt [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], LadyTempestt, CallyFromAuron, Alfred Itodele, PeterE, omolola lawson, Sucre n Spice, UKnowZork, Kateri, esewilliams, Évéline Trinité
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly Open Governance meeting. This session was the quarterly retrospective of the budget consent process.
- **Working Docs:**
  - [2025 retrospectives Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLtid06I=/)
  - [Governance Dashboard](https://singularitynet-governance-dashboard.vercel.app/dashboard)

#### Narrative:
Not many people gave their opinions during the meeting.

At Guillermo's request, we added an extra section to the Miro board, to collect feedback about the Governance Dashboard specifically.

Key points raised:

1) Participation and quorum
- Participation was good eventually, at 31% of core contributors (only just below all-time high of 33% from last Quarter), but we noted that people had to be chased, and participation initially was so low that the closing date had to be extended because only 6 WGs had met the quorum.
- Some felt that the quorum was problematic ("quorum felt useless, pushing people just to get the numbers aligned with our own %")
- Others felt it was still useful ("We have always had to chase people to participate anyway - at least the quorum ensures we do keep chasing till a reasonable number take part. Many people I DM'ed said they had otheriwse been unaware the consent round was happening"
- and there was a suggestion: "leave the "chasing people to take part" to the Workgroups?"



2) 80/20% rule
Everyone who commented raised concerns about the 80/20% rule (the idea that a WG's budget should not be blocked by one or two objections, so will pass if no more than 20% of those who take part are objecting to it.) Points raised included 
- "80/20 rule might need revisiting, some objections felt reassonable but didnt impact bc it passed anyway"
- "Either bring back the 2nd round, or reconsider 80/20 rule - is 20% threshold too high?"
- "the 80/20 was not effective"
- "80/20% rule feels like people used it to get away with a lot of irregularities in their budgets and reports"
- "lots of proposals were passed only because of 80/20% rule."



3) Accountability and responses to objections
Although some felt that actual reporting per se had improved compared to last quarter, concerns were raised about how accountable WGs are in the event that an objection is raised (some connected this with the 80/20% rule):
- "people were not accountable enough and didn't respond to objections enough - because of 80/20 rule?"
- "responses to objections couldve been more complete and more timely"
- "back and forth with WGs - most WGs were not fully accountable"
However, another opinion said
- "Objections discussion (in Gov Calls) was a good one"

Some felt that the follow-up process will be important - how will we track whether WGs have implemented suggestions?
- "Off the actual followup of the lessons learned is where the magic happens, looking forward to that"
but some felt that this accountability should come *before* budgets are awarded:
- "make people more accountable before they get their budget, and address objections"



4) The consent process overall
Several people were unhappy with the current process:
- "I feel like over exhausted from reporting and promoposing (but working on that) the quarterly iterations are too quick for small amount of funds, almost all the funds go to write a report about writing a report xD"
- "It still takes a lot of time to read reports and budgets properly."
- "I think we have explored this consent process method enough and we need to look another way to approve budget proposals."
- "The process has now completely morphed into a vote, and "consent decisionmaking" has been entirely abandoned, but without any discussion or agreement. This isn't great process imo."
- "the problem is not the ideas, the rules, the tools, etc whatever methodologies we come up with but instead our behaviour and attitudes towards is so we need to sit down and actually question ourselves."

Suggested solutions included:
- Consider a whole different decison process
- Appoint (and pay) a small group of "objectors" to read everything thoroughly and identify objections, and everyone else can agree or not, and/or can raise additional objections if they want
- Either officially discuss and decide to move to a majority vote process, or make the Dashboard into a Consent tool
- "need better metrics for how/why a proposal would pass"



5) The Dashboard
Most people liked the Dashboard overall, and felt that for a first iteration, it had worked well.
People found it easier to use than the old process, and particularly liked the idea of discussion and WGs responding to what was being said/asked, although it was recognised that this didn't happen enough in this round and could be promoted more.

Suggestions for changes were mostly minor:
- "disclose names of those who consent or abstain, not just objections"
- "more attention should be placed on User experience"
- "fiddly to get to proposals, if you press Back button it takes you to top of page rather than where you were" 
- "we need a search box (ctrl-F doesn't work on a phone)"

A more major objection - the design of the tool had moved us from consent decisionmaking to majority voting without any discussion or agreement ("In short, we've let the design of our tooling shape/dictate our governance process. It should be the other way round.") and said that "this is not just about calling it a "vote" - it's also about the whole structure and layout of the dashbaord's "consent/object" section, which completely reinforces the idea that it's a vote." The suggestion here was either to redesign the dashboard as a consent tool, or discuss and agree to move to majority voting as our decision method.


6) Ethics of the AI assistant
One ethical issue was raised about the use of the AI Assistant in the Dashboard:
"Using an untrained and un- contextualised chatbot, and encouraging people to base their decisions on it, is ethically questionable imo -and also not very effective :-)"




#### Discussion Points:
- Participation and quorum
- 80/20% rule
- Accountability and responses to objections
- The consent process
- The Governance dashboard
- Ethics of the AI assistant

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani will add the issues raised to the GovWG rolling agenda for proper discussion, in time for the next GovWG session, which will be agenda planning [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 14 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** accountability, Governance Dashboard, AI Assistant, ethics of chatbots, Participation in governance, quorum, 80/20% rule, Issue tracking, WG responses to objections, Small group of "objectors, exhaustion, improved reporting, quarterly process is too fast, consent decisionmaking, decision-making methodologies, majority vote decisionmaking
- **emotions:** slow, quiet, Only a few of those present spoke, incisive, thoughtful

### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Duke [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Sucre n Spice, esewilliams, Alfred Itodele, CJFrankie, Jeffrey Ndarake, Omolola Lawson, Duke, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** Bi-weekly Meetings of the African Guild
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Lean Guild Challenge](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd23hAPS-XSy3z-V0mAuI8p_PywGAGbaC_vKVUMz02KKYYdYA/viewform)

#### Narrative:
The meeting began with Duke noting that a Google Form had been shared earlier but had received no engagement. He suggested that everyone fill out the form live during the call to save time and help define the guild’s direction for the quarter. Duke emphasized that without input from team members, delegation and planning could not progress. He then asked SucrenSpice to share the form so participants could complete it in real time rather than postponing it again.

SucrenSpice expressed frustration that no one besides her had completed the form, calling it disappointing given the enthusiasm from the previous meeting. Duke acknowledged her concern and mentioned his network limitations, agreeing that completing the form together would be more efficient. Once SucrenSpice shared the link, Duke encouraged everyone to take five minutes to fill it out so they could gather data to guide their ideas.

As participants worked on the form, ESE requested clarification about the “Lean Guild Challenge,” noting that she hadn’t fully understood it before. Duke explained that it was a smaller-scale version of last year’s creative contests, designed to generate engagement and publicity with limited funds. He described it as a community-driven challenge open to creative proposals, where members would submit, vote, and reward winning ideas. SucrenSpice added that the entire guild would then collaborate to execute the chosen idea, distributing roles accordingly.

After collecting some responses, SucrenSpice read out the submitted ideas. Suggestions included:

Gartic Games – A drawing and guessing game inspired by SingularityNET themes.

AI Writing Challenge – A social media challenge focused on AI and Singularity Africa, with engagement-based rewards.

Digital Handshake & Story Map – Members pin their locations on a shared map and write one sentence about their connection to Africa (“My Africa is…”).

Problem and Possibility Seed Bank – Members share one local problem and one potential solution, creating a pool of future project ideas.

Six-Word SNET Story – Participants summarize their vision for Africa or SingularityNET in six words, with recognition for the most creative entries.

SNET Impact Challenge (#StickTheChange) – A social media movement where participants showcase how they’re using AI or community action to make a difference in Africa. The campaign would include regional leaderboards, weekly highlights, and rewards for impactful contributions.

As the guild reviewed the ideas, participants discussed creating short labels and descriptions to simplify the voting process. A quick poll was conducted, and ESE’s Impact Challenge received six votes, emerging as the winning concept. Duke asked ESE to document the idea clearly and share it soon so execution could begin, noting the short two-month quarter and limited meeting schedule. ESE agreed to draft the document, initially proposing next week, but SucrenSpice and Duke encouraged an earlier deadline—preferably Monday. ESE later confirmed she would share a preliminary version soon, even if brief.

Toward the end of the meeting, SucrenSpice proposed running multiple projects concurrently—such as Twitter Spaces, Afro-storytelling video shorts, and other initiatives—to avoid delays and ensure all quarterly goals were met. Duke agreed, emphasizing that future meetings would focus on review and execution rather than ideation. He encouraged members to select specific roles or tasks they were interested in, stressing the importance of delegation moving forward.

To streamline coordination, SucrenSpice offered to create a shared project tracker listing ongoing and upcoming initiatives, including Talking Drum, physical meetups, newsletters, X Spaces, and videos, allowing members to indicate where they could contribute. Duke endorsed the idea, thanked everyone for their input, and reminded the team that the quarter was already underway—prompt action was critical.

The meeting concluded on a cooperative and motivated note, with Duke expressing appreciation to all present members for their participation and commitment.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Ese to draft a detailed document outlining the SNET Impact Challenge [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 22 October 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] SucrenSpice to create a shared project tracker listing all ongoing and upcoming projects (Talking Drum, physical meetups, newsletters, X Spaces, Afro-storytelling videos) and share the tracker with guild members for them to indicate preferred roles or contributions. [**assignee**] Sucre n Spice [**due**] 16 October 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Lean Guild Challenge, Content Initiatives, Impact challenge
- **emotions:**  informative,  insightful,  Collaborative,  forward-looking, Friendly
## Friday 10th October 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, Gorga Siagian, Kateri, esewilliams
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: LordKizzy opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming members and outlined the agenda.
- The discussion focused on the scavenger hunt initiative, with Gorga Siagian proposing a division of responsibilities between teams managing Discord and social media. LordKizzy expressed concern over podcast delays impacting team updates and emphasized the urgency of executing the scavenger hunt within the limited timeframe. The team agreed to prioritize the initiative for the quarter and ensure updated reports reflect its current progress.

Ese Williams and LordKizzy outlined a social media strategy aimed at increasing engagement before December, emphasizing collaboration and addressing ongoing bot integration challenges. Gorga highlighted budget constraints related to equipment costs, leading to a discussion on potential cost-effective alternatives.

Advanceameyaw provided updates on bot integration, noting a delay caused by a declined purchase transaction. The team acknowledged low social media engagement and discussed leveraging personal networks and incentives to boost participation. Ese suggested hosting live Q&A sessions to attract and engage potential participants.

Although the timeline for upcoming initiatives remained uncertain, advanceameyaw confirmed that preparations would begin immediately, with a sprint planned for the end of October. LordKizzy stressed the need for a coordination call with Eric to finalize the schedule and prepare materials, targeting readiness before the first week of December. The team also underscored the importance of producing engaging content, with LordKizzy proposing to share updates on Popplus to involve more interested participants in the planning process.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] LordKizzy to edit the report and include reasons for the scavenger hunt initiative and ensure all details are in place [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 24 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LordKizzy to drop a message in the channel to remind everyone about the need to meet and have a call regarding the scavenger hunt initiative. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 24 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] LordKizzy to organize a call with Eric to finalize the timeline and budget for the scavenger hunt initiative. [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 24 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Podcast Intiative, Scavenger hunt
- **emotions:** Peacefull,  Understanding.,  forward-looking