---
description: Mon 29th Sep - Sun 5th Oct 2025
---

# Week 40

## Wednesday 1st October 2025

### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], Kateri, UKnowZork, Zalfred, Jeffrey Ndarake, SirXalfred, Cosmo_Kaan, Slate
- **Purpose:** To discuss CCP Updates, Budget Objection, ASI Academy Proposal, Budget Consent and Governance Issues, Project Selection and Upcoming Quarter Planning
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Education Guild Q3 Report and Q4 Budget Request](https://singularitynet-governance-dashboard.vercel.app/dashboard/proposals/cmfogdyfs0001kz0aicz3r6wj)

#### Discussion Points:
- Certification Program Content Development. The team is finalizing infographic, video, and quiz content for the certification program with a focus on standardizing presentation and approval workflows. Content creation for the certification program is at the infographic and video production stage, with quizzes also reportedly completed. Quality assurance and review responsibilities rest with the certification program assessors, who serve as peer reviewers and content approvers. The peer review process is designed to catch deviations from guidelines before content reaches the broader group for approval.
- Budget Consent and Governance Issues

The Education Guild faces budget objections primarily around administrative cost ratios, requiring defense in the upcoming governance call. The current budget has approximately 24% objections, short of the 80/20 consent threshold needed for approval. The primary objection concerns the relatively high percentage of budget spent on administrative activities compared to operational workgroups.

Gorga and Kateri volunteered to represent the group in the governance call to explain the administrative cost structure and defend the budget allocation

The ASI Academy project funding remains unresolved due to lack of formal proposal and absence of key team members (Osmium) to present it
- Project Selection and Upcoming Quarter Planning

The Education Guild is preparing to select projects for the new quarter, balancing ongoing initiatives and new proposals. The next call will finalize which projects to pursue this quarter, including the decision on continuing the presentation series by Kenichi. The presentation series has no recent feedback, creating uncertainty about its ongoing value and funding.The team plans to confirm Kenichi’s participation or decide to discontinue the project.

Slate plans to submit new fundraising-related project proposals from the education side in the next call. hese projects aim to support the broader fundraising workgroup, potentially starting within Education Guild if needed. Prototypes or initial concepts will serve as foundations for these proposals.

The team recognizes the importance of accelerating progress, given that the current quarter has already started. Upcoming calls will focus on governance, budget approvals, and project roadmap confirmations.
- Team Engagement and Onboarding

New members are encouraged to join tasks and project teams on Education Guild to increase participation and capacity. The group fosters a collaborative environment where members can lead projects, form teams, and establish governance practices. Proposals for new projects can come from any member, not just admins, promoting decentralized leadership. Funding is allocated based on quarterly voting and consent processes, emphasizing accountability. Slate committed to providing support and updates for returning or less active members to help them catch up quickly

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Gorga Kateri Present and justify admin budget objections at upcoming governance call and Possibly represent the group at the governance call if Osmium unavailable  [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, Kateri [**due**] 2 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Content Assessors & Peer Reviewers Review all current infographic and video content for standardization, completeness, and correct attributions before final approval and Ensure content presentation occurs in calls for group feedback prior to publishing  [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, esewilliams, Kateri [**due**] 15 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Osmium Submit formal proposal for ASI Academy project with detailed framework and Attend next Education Guild call to discuss ASI Academy project [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 15 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All Education Guild Members Participate in upcoming vote to decide on ASI Academy project inclusion and
Provide final decision on continuing or ending Kenichi’s presentation series project  [**assignee**] Education Guild Members [**due**] 15 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Slate contacted Kenichi to inquire about the continuation of the Presentation Series project. [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 15 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** CCP Extension, Budget Objection, Q4 2025 budget, Consent process
- **emotions:** Insightful, welcoming, progressive, relaxed, collaborative


## Thursday 2nd October 2025

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], Santos [**documenter**], osmium, Gorga Siagian, CallyFromAuron, Jeffrey Ndarake, Rems, john zaks, LordKizzy, Santos
- **Purpose:** Ideation On BGI25
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Blueprint for AI Sandbox/ Think Tank](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_gCzRj4bhcjcNB5uaZt--yVPeNJsadFNknIsl16bLI/edit)
  - [ Roadmap of  AI SANDBOX/THINK TANK](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtTTMSUhohy2-WL_UZcB2C9tJDIyvto_fkAwTeAL7Go/edit)
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINKTANK](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pgAs8NPzSgSFSjrm0y461KGAKutKIJpC25J5lNrh0ZQ/edit)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Meeting Coordination: The session kicked off with osmium welcoming everyone who joined.
- BGI-25: 
Vani outlined plans for the upcoming BGI-25 Virtual Unconference event, 23rd October. She invited AI Sandbox/Think Tank to take part in the planned session on AI tooling for community governance, together with R&D< Archives and African Guild. We would have a 3 minutes time slot to make a presentation, then engage with questions and comments from the floor. Whoever gives the presentation should have a good internet connection.

We could also suggest any other session we might like to present.  Vasu suggested a round table, open discussion on his work on DAO structures for governing AI; everyone agreed.

Budget for this work is coming directly from the foundation.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Alfred is to document next meeting session  [**assignee**] Alfred Itodele [**due**] 9 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** DAO, BGI-25 Virtual Unconference
- **emotions:** Interactive, productive,  insightful