---
description: Mon 5th Feb - Sunday 11th Feb
---

# Week 6

## Monday 5th February 2024

## Tuesday 6th February 2024



### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Peter, Curtis, Guillermo, hogantuso, Judith, Kinga, Rojo, Vanessa, WaKa, Will Tatz
- Town Hall Number: 84

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=0s) Introduction By Peter
[01:24](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=84s) Mentions 
[02:56](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=176s) Ambassador Role Progress 
[19:36](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=1176s) Supervisory Council Updates By Grace 
[20:26](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=1226s) Challenges Faced By The Supervisory Council 
[23:35](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=1415s) Blueprint Set-up 
[26:55](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=1615s) Lead Writer Announcement 
[28:30](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=1710s) Knowledge Management Organization 
[33:00](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=1980s) Additional Comments By Daniel
[35:05](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=2105s) What Does Success Look Like? 
[43:25](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=2605s) Q&a 
[47:40](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=2860s) Difference Between Problems And Solutions: The Ambassador Program Is A Solution, But Is It The Right One?
[1:17:40](https://youtu.be/C3CI0SS2LH4?si=zALpKzgkbc39i7-k\&t=4660s) Ending

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: the Ambassador role, experiment, Governance, Supervisory Council, Decentralisation Blueprint, Decentralization, Decentralization Blueprint, Decentralisation, Lead Writer, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem, Knowledge management, keeping informed, blogpost, community engagement, Google Docs, GitBook, useful documentation, Value of Ambassador Program, Purpose of Ambassador Program
- emotions: interesting, informative, insightful, analytical


## Wednesday 7th February 2024






### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Peter, lord kizzy
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Meeting video: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764574355478962&cot=10
- Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764574355478962&cot=10
- Other media: https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Onboarding Feedback Form - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Going over feedback questions and rationale

#### Decision Items:
- We put the Feedback form into the test
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Review feedback next meeting [status] todo
- [action] Decide on rewards at the next meeting [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Review Onboarding Workgroup Items - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should "Continuous Onboarding Report - Google Doc" be on the GitBook?

#### Decision Items:
- Include "sNET Onboarding session - Google Slides" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "SNET Onboarding WG Task Reward Sheet - Google Sheet" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 3 - Review Treasury Guild Items - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should "SingularityNET Ambassador Program rewards - Google Sheet" be on the GitBook?
- Should "SingularityNET Treasury Distributions Export - Google sheet" be on the GitBook?

#### Decision Items:
- Include "Proposal Framework for Role proposals - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator - Google Sheet" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "SingularityNET Phase Two: Massive Token Utilization Toward Decentralized Beneficial AGI - Article" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Treasury Guild Proposal" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "WG quarterly report: Treasury Guild - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Import 2022 rewards on "SingularityNET Treasury Distributions Export - Google sheet" into Treasury Manager [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Review Process Guild Items - [resolved]

#### Decision Items:
- Include "Voting / Consensus / Consent / Decision making in Ambassador Program - Miro Board" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Workgroup Types and Requirements Matrix Table - PDF" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Requirements to propose a Workgroup Space for Ambassador Program - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Requirements to propose a Program for Ambassador Program - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 5 - Review Dework PBL Workgroup Items - [resolved]

#### Decision Items:
- Include "Dework PBL Q1 Proposal = Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Feedback Form, Onboarding Slides, Budget Request, Role Proposal Requirements, Quarterly Budget Calculator, SingularityNET Phase Two Proposal, Proposal, Quarterly Report, Reward Data, Decision Making Process, Workgroup Proposal Requirements, Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board
- emotions: Session items reviewing moved slowly as we had disagreements in many items and required discussions
- other: Stopped including workgroup assets used in Summary due to huge number of files



### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter, Slate [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, osmium, malik, duke peter, Peter, esewilliams, Will Tatz
- Purpose: ACP Video/Infographics and Setting Up Quizzes
- Other media: [Link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z571NxFC8vvCTvpvsake5PYess3MM3mLi1VaFYgk8r0/edit?usp=sharing)
#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Ambassador Certification Program Video by Osmium about Mindplex 
- Ambassador Certification Program Infographic by Ese Williams about Awakening - Health
- Ambassador Certification Program Infographic by Will Tatz about SNET 
- Ambassador Certification Program Infographic by Devon about SingularityDAO

#### Discussion Points:
- Will asked Slate if he can accept his Friend reqest on Discord and explain to him the process of making his video as it seemed ideal for Ambassador Certification Program
- Osmium's video for Ambassador Certification Program on Mindplex was previewed by every participant for feedback 
- On Osmium's video,WIll  suggested: Needs to review other videos created by the members to get more idea of the overall video quality and making  
- On Osmium's Video : EseWilliams  suggested text is slightly more and that she needs more time to read each slide before it gets changed, so suggested to increase the time duration of each slide  
- On Osmium's video, Malik suggested to lessen text .  Peter : the heading "What" is missing 
- Then Ese Williams  shared her infographic on  Awakening - Health and asked for feedback
- On Ese Williams infographic :  Slate suggested to  add "What" heading 
- On Ese Williams infographic The suggestions were: Peter The "What" reads more like a "why"  Slate: Using the standard template design  Slate: Robot pic is needed  Peter: Include Meditation element of the robot  Peter : "Where" has repetition
- Will shared his infographic on SNET. Slate: It highlight the main 1 or 2 people who initially made the project come forward   Slate: Need to put all the information into the Canva template that is being used for infographics 
- Devon : discuss the infographic with Headelf, async or maybe next meeting 

#### Decision Items:
- Osmium to rework his video
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Will and Ese to put their infographics into the Canva template 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Rework and work on feedbacks given to each participants for their infographics and videos  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 13 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Post the meeting summary  [assignee] Slate [due] 4 February 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Meeting Summaries, ACP, Videomaking, infographic, quizzes
- emotions: Collaborative, contructive criticism



### Archival Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen [documenter], André, Vanessa, Stephen, Slate, Onyeka
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXmEiJGWPbI&list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/104)

#### Action Items:
- [action] Bring to next meeting a list of things that should be included in Governance GitBook update [assignee] Vanessa [due] 7 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Manually finish archiving all summaries from Nov and Dec 2023, and close the issues for those months so that fund request can be submitted [assignee] Vanessa [due] 7 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Once November and December 2023 are archived, submit funding requests for those months, and close Q4 2023 Budget issue [assignee] Stephen [due] 21 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Draft an approach, with budget, for the Tag Taxonomy work, ready for next meeting on 7th Feb - done, and was agreed in this meeting, see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/87 [assignee] Vanessa [due] 7 February 2024 [status] done
- [action] Contact Ubio with brief for his work on LLM tooling - done, and agreed. Ubio will submit updates via the Issues called "Tool development: Ubio" [assignee] André [due] 31 January 2024 [status] done
- [action] Core Archives team to meet with Supervisory Council re knowledge management on Fri 26th Jan - done, meeting was useful and discussions are ongoing on how we can best support knowledge management, especially around the  Decentralisation Blueprint doc [assignee] Stephen, Vanessa, André [due] 26 January 2024 [status] done
- [action] André to create a markdown template for correction of existing monthly GitBook records [assignee] André [due] 7 February 2024 [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Tag taxonomy, bounties, monthly archiving, publicity, meeting summary tool, Tool Development, AI tooling, Governance GitBook, mentorship, transition from manual archiving to use of meeting summary tool, Outreach, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem
- emotions: Organised, Discursive, Well-attended, outward-looking



### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Rojo, WaKa [facilitator], Guillermo [documenter], malik
- Purpose: R&D Objectives & Budget Final Adjustments 
- Working Docs:
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet _ 310224](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gPUEAjXOp2DA9B5UDiPizKwBdaQAMY4k/edit#gid=612486399)
  - [UpdatResearch & Development Guild Proposal _ 310224](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RB7XBd393xGxpBg7ZuYQKyMIaGp18oevVDddW6vbcXo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Proposal template:](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z6FSHz4CmgVeKyva9ZmqqbMfw5lAeDfpF-ICuAWvSBM/edit#heading=h.e3tybvyav5jy)

#### Agenda Items:
- The overall purpose of the meeting was to go over the new R&D Guild list of proposed projects on the pipeline  and to discuss the beter approach for development. Members present talked about their calendar and schedule availability to organize tasks and the coordinated effort of the task force

#### Discussion Points:
- We discussed and agreed on  final changes on budget to be presented on Feb 080224 Discussed, agreed and vote on operation structure and members contributors fees established to follow Ambassadors standards of $10 per Hour.
- We discussed specific criteria for development strategy and tools to implement on the development.
- We discussed and the members have reached an agreement on the operational budget allocation sving budget for development of tools and proposals.
- Team members presented details of roadmaps for each proposal and members started showing their interest in participating on one or the other, this way we were able to build teams and start discussing tasks. 
- On Governance; members discussed how to move forward and present community proposals on next Q. Members have found an agreement on engaging other guilds on next Q to present their proposals and bring constructive feedback to pulish the blueprints and pulish the outcome.
- AGIX Price $0.27 Q1 Total Estimated Cost in US Dollars $7,300 Q1 Total Estimated Cost in AGIX 27,037

#### Decision Items:
- Budget needed for final adjustments to fit all projects proposed by guilds members needs, this will be conducted by leading members and presented for final approval on future teasury meeting.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Budget Fitting and adjustments for final approval at next treasuty call [assignee] Rojo, Guillermo [due] 12 January 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, Q1 projections, Quarter 1, AI tooling
- emotions: Collaborative, productive


## Thursday 8th February 2024



### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, Vanessa, Peter, Rojo, William, Guilermo
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Meeting video: https://youtu.be/ZSofwygwiDU
- Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764574789806585&cot=10
- Transcript: https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240
- Other media: https://youtu.be/HNvBpBYv68o
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Output on Core contributors - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- When and how should we create the list of contributors?

#### Decision Items:
- Creation of the First Core Contributor lists will be a manual operations
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Document a Clear list of rules to create the contributor list [status] todo
- [action] Create a contributor list based on those rules [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Ambassador Q1 Budget Request to fit into Q1 Budget limit - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Why are we going through proposal requests and trying to expect workgroups to adjust their budgets?
- Who are objecting to fitted budget results?
- Assessing workgroup budget requests

#### Decision Items:
- enforce high-cost budget requests to reduce rewards by thousands
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Translation WG Q1 Estimated budget request was changed from 2700$ to 1400$ and approved
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Governance WG Q1 Estimated budget request was changed from 1350$ to 400$ and approved
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- New Ideas Budget % was increased from 0% to 2% to reflect the already rewarded Gamers Guild Q1 budget
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Gamers Guild Q1 budget request was changed from 1900$ to 1050$ and approved
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Strategy Guild Budget request was not approved
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Education Guild Budget request was not approved
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The R&D Guild Budget request was not approved
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Update the Budget Calculator Document with reasons or sources why the request is not approved [assignee] Tevo [status] done
- [action] Explain Gamers Guild budget request changes to Gamer Guild leads [assignee] Tevo [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, Budget , Quarter 1, Proposals, Quarterly Budget Calculator, core contributors
- other: As always expecting reducing rewards and stepping to people's toes brings up heated discussions, but I feel like we made quite some good progress on the meeting


## Friday 9th February 2024



### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: hogantuso [facilitator], devon [documenter], cardano_class, lord kizzy, malik, Zalfred, killy, Rojo
- Purpose: The main purpose of the meeting was to discuss the Video Suggestion Sheet, focusing on whether we need to form partnerships for creating video content.
#### Discussion Points:
- Malik, as a social media manager, regularly updated about video upload statuses.
- Rojo and Judith's recommendations for videos were brought up during the meeting.
- Lord Kizzy, as the task manager, gave weekly task updates.
- Kizzy discussed the deadline for Lily's and Cardano class's  townhall video submissions.
- A discussion took place regarding the video suggestion sheet.
- Tuso discussed the process of pairing members for suggested video.
- Rojo discussed that whether members should pair up before making a suggestion, or they should pair up after a video has been suggested.
- Rojo mentioned that there is a budget for only 4 long videos.
- OEP stated that pairing should ensure that everyone has the opportunity to participate in the video production process.

#### Decision Items:
-  Malik will conduct an analysis of the views and likes, subsequently providing an update to the workgroup regarding these metrics.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Pairing of members for the suggested video.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Performing an analysis of video metrics across various social media platforms. [assignee] malik [status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, video suggestion sheet
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative, Thoughtful , speedy 


## Saturday 10th February 2024