---
description: Mon 29th Jan - Sun 4th Feb
---

# Week 5

## Thursday 1st February 2024



### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: lord kizzy [facilitator], cjfrankie  [documenter], lord kizzy, cjfrankie, Peter, Vanessa, SucrenSpice, duke peter, ShankarUdaniya, Guillermo, Kenichi, Oku Enyong
- Working Docs:
  - [MiroBoard](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/)
  - [Announcing Onboarding Sssion](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/)
  - [Onboarding session slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xsOPL2exA-1-BfKWk2eKdxjpfRt6kwW_nFWBPq-KzEg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of the last meeting
-  Differentiating WGs from Guilds - should they all have same name?
-  The new Welcome Video that needs to be made is not ready yet
- Ambassador Gitbook  - does Onboarding want to use the "workgroups" section at the end to collate our docs, as Video WG does?
-  Next Onboarding open session
- How a workgroup becomes official

#### Decision Items:
- Next Onboarding Session will be on 8th Feb 2024. We will record it, approach Video WG to create an edit of the video, and Peter will take notes of the Q&A section
  - [rationale] We aim to do at least 1 of these sessions in a quarter.  We don't need notes of the main body of the session, since it is in the slides - only need notes of the Q&A in case there's anything that should be added to the FAQ section in Getting Started channel
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Given the current AGIX price rise, we don't need to adjust budget to account for the bits of new work we are doing - what we already have will cover it
- Gamers Guild shouldn’t be added to the list of WGs in the Getting Started channel until there’s an agreed process for how a WG becomes official.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Guillermo and the R&D Guild are working on a skills database - this may cross over with Onboarding's ideas, so we will keep aware of each other's work and look for ways to collaborate
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Vanessa to draft a doc on how new workgroups could be approved - base it on what Tevo already developed in Process Guild, and check it with Slate as facilitator of Gamers Guild to see if it would work [assignee] Vanessa [due] 15 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Guillermo to keep us posted on the progress of their skills database [assignee] Guillermo [due] 8 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lady Tempestt will share a link to her doc “How WGs can improve continuous onboarding”  [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 8 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Sucre to reach out to Rojo (video WG lead)  re: editing the video of our next onboarding session  [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 5 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Peter to give Duke the onboarding WG tag in Discord, as he has attended 3 consecutive Onboarding meetings [assignee] Peter [due] 8 February 2024 [status] todo

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Lord Kizzy's report on the Continuous Onboarding research we did at the end of 2023
- Lady Tempestt's doc on how WGs can improve continuous onboarding, based on the same research
- How WGs should be ratified

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Ambassador GitBook, Quarterly Budget, Onboarding, WGs vs Guilds, Continuous Onboarding, Continuous Onboarding Report, AGIX price, Process for agreeing new workgroups, R&D guild, Collaboration, skills database, new member, Onboarding session slides video, Onboarding Slides
- emotions: Collaborative, Deliberative, insightful


## Friday 2nd February 2024




### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: Rojo [host], devon [documenter], cardano_class, Duke, lord kizzy, malik, Slate, Zalfred, lilycupcake, killy, hogantuso
#### Discussion Points:
- Rojo as the facilitator gave a bit of an update from the ambassador program ecosystem about BGI content planning and brainstorming  
- There was a discussion about who will represent the workgroup in BGI summit    
- There was a discussion of Quarterly budget
- Devon as the task manager gave an update about the weekly tasks
- Malik as the social media manager gave updates about posting clips and townhall video edits and summary 
- There was a discussion about how to improve social media management by making it less about posting and more about engaging community 
- There was a discussion about the tool to be developed by RnD guild that will facilitate  social media management. 
- There was a discussion about the seniority of members
- There was a discussion about improving the quality of content

#### Decision Items:
- Members and their roles were decided as follows:
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lord Kizzy - Task manager
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Malik - Social Media Manager
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Devon - Meeting Summarizer
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lilycupcake - Townhall video editor
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- HoganTuso - Weekly meeting Facilitator
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Cardano_Class - Townhall Summary editor
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Members to be responsible for their newly selected recurring tasks immediately for the duration of 1 month [assignee] Anyone [due] 1 March 1 [status] todo
- [action] Training of members for new roles [assignee] Rojo [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: BGI, social media management, Q4 report, Ambassador Program marketing, Task Assignment
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative



### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Kenichi [facilitator], cjfrankie  [documenter], Kenichi, cjfrankie, Peter, Mikasa, Emmanuel, duke peter, LadyTempestt, Gorga Siagian, esewilliams, Veralyn Williams
- Working Docs:
  - [Content editing test](https://docs.google.com/document/d/119vvftlF8IVEo-82kq3Fyq559WZwlgAeAej8SX43_uE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Customer-centric AI Solutions: article for Cogito by LadyTempestt](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HjtlQRklpjbCB2qzVyENQ-mbZ9weZy862bBTlxxOnps/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
We began with a warm welcome from our workgroup lead, Kenichi.

Lady Tempestt and Mikasa shared a quick update on their tasks.

Sandra from Cogito has sent two drafts: 
1) Predictive Analysis and 
2) Trading Strategies 
The briefs for these will be sent out today, hopefully. The rewards will be sent to the SNET treasury once the four drafts are completed.

Our first Cogito article, “Customer-Centric AI Solutions” https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HjtlQRklpjbCB2qzVyENQ-mbZ9weZy862bBTlxxOnps/edit?usp=sharing, will be going out soon! Kudos to Lady Tempestt for the awesome write up. 

Potential new member Gorga Siagian has completed her onboarding test and it’s currently under review.

We also introduced Duke Peter and Veralyn Williams to the writers workgroup, we hope to see more of them! 



#### Decision Items:
- We want to revive our Substack, for weekly events (e.g. Town Hall updates etc), and to send out emails to community members. 
  - [rationale] To keep community members updated on happenings within the ecosystem
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We set a goal that by the end of Q1 2024, we want to onboard 5 new Scribblers
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We set a goal to publish 10 articles on our Medium page each passing month 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We want to set up a Notion.so account and also integrate it with the SNET’s Gitbook
  - [rationale] To make onboarding seamless as possible, and help new members to easily understand what this workgroup is about.

#### Action Items:
- [action] Kenichi will send the WG's budget proposal to Treasury today: this funding will be used to incentivize our points system and the weekly trivia session [assignee] Kenichi [due] 2 February 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Substack, Pair review, Editing Framework, Budget , Budget proposal, Cogito, Cogito articles, Notion, Zealy, Onboarding, GitBook, Ambassador GitBook, new people, new members, predictive analysis, trading strategies
- emotions: insightful, informative


## Saturday 3rd February 2024



### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- People present: Slate [host], devon [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, shehroze, Gorga Siagian
- Meeting video: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iyZmt4H1-Gy2AVsi2CVkJr5wUbezWm9HK3XCu8T83AE/edit#gid=0
#### Narrative:
Showcasing the Roblox game 
Q1 budget proposal discussion
Roadmap Discussion of "SingularityNet Ambassador Program on Roblox"




#### Decision Items:
- Devon and Flyn to create map graphic for SingularityNet Ambassador Program on Roblox
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Hufiumer to give townhall updates for the month of February
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Agreed upon 100-200 USD reward per department created on Roblox 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Educational Session to take place in the next meeting for "How to use Roblox Studio"
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Map graphic for ambassador program on Roblox [assignee] devon, flyn [due] 17 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Townhall Updates  [assignee] hufiumer69 [due] 28 February 2024 [status] in progress

#### Game Rules:
The person with the least amount of deaths wins.


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Devon

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Roles, Budget , infographic
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative
- games played: Roblox