---
description: 11th February 2024 to 17th February 2024
---

# Week 7

## Wednesday 14th February 2024

### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Headelf [facilitator], Slate [documenter], malik, Peter, Slate, osmium, esewilliams, will tatz, Rojo
- Purpose: ACP Video/Infographics,Budget Discussion, Decision Making Software 
- Other media: [Link](https://www.canva.com/design/DAF8OZ12qB4/RZQN8Y6ANeyERtxQFgKaCg/edit?utm_content=DAF8OZ12qB4&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton, https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1100390675293413436/1207090036617773096/Dark_Illustration_7_Steps_Personal_Development_Infographic_Poster.png?ex=65de6133&is=65cbec33&hm=f9f05289d045c3b0b591f50464656d2e9f51c757034befd4e39bdc889c090e81&)
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hnj3syHlwtunfqIJjm45ak9E3ki8DmZ7RObD2wEn-Lg/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Education Guild - Budget Request 
- Ambassador Certification Program Infographic by Ese Williams about Awakening - Health
- Ambassador Certification Program Video by Osmium about Mindplex 

#### Discussion Points:
- Discussion started with the Education Guild Budget Request for Q1 2024 
- After having a look on the  treasury guild last meeting, concerns were raised for the amount being put for the facilitation and management
- On note to that, Headelf decided to cut off the facilitation/management and planning along with the dework task management completely.
- 30 USD for scribing is a fair amount or not ?
- On this question Rojo said that it is a standard amount now for scribing meeting notes (which led to agreement of this amount)
- Then EseWilliams infographic on Awakening Health was discussed 
- The infographic quality was good and most of the details were mentioned 
- Headelf pointed out some minor grammar mistakes and Peter said that Hong Kong, China should be changed to just Hong Kong 
- Rojo said that the graphic is good and just needs some minor rework and can be audited by next week 
- Then Osmium Video on Mindplex was discussed.
- The Reviews on the video are as follows : 1) Graphic couldn't be read  2)Voice sounded a little AI 3) AI voice is okeay-sh (Rojo), Visual is good (Rojo), Transition was good (Rojo), Good video (Rojo). 4) AL instead of ai (Peter), San Francisco HeadQuarters needs research
- Video needs a bit rework before auditing (Headelf)
- Should we post these videos to the public?(Rojo) They are pretty good 

#### Decision Items:
- 30 USD for scribing in these meeting is a fair amount 
  - [rationale] because it's standard across many workgroups
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action]  Complete decision software work  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 21 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Post the meeting summary  [assignee] Slate [due] 21 February 2024 [status] done
- [action] Decide where do we post these videos; should we post them in the youtube channel ? [assignee] participants [due] 26 February 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Meeting Summaries, ACP, Videomaking, infographic, Budget 
- emotions: Collaborative, contructive criticism, prickly, frustrated, budget request problems
## Thursday 15th February 2024

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], Vanessa, Onyeka, Peter, Duke, LadyTempestt, Boaz, tone, SucrenSpice
- Working Docs:
  - [GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding Workgroup MIRO](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/ )
  - [F&D roster](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Minutes of last meeting and process for corrections
- Action items from last meeting 
- Video of the Onboarding session on 8th Feb
- Our next Onboarding session
- Whether the program is ready for lots of new members, whether there is the budget for it; whether having more people would make it possible to be more ambitious in what we do
- Overall Ambassador budget allocation
- New Welcome video

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed NOT to upload the video of onboarding session from 8th Feb to Youtube, but for Duke to record a narration of the slides instead, for use in future Onboarding sessions
  - [rationale] Due to a recording error, we only have a Read.ai video of the event on 8th Feb, which is quite low-res; plus it's very similar to the last session so it's repetitve
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to have a simple Q&A session - no slides - as our next Onboarding session, on 21st March
  - [rationale] Less overhead to organise, and more lowkey. Also the date is Spring Equinox - symbolic of new beginnings :-)
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed that the new Welcome video looks nice visually, and content is mostly good, but we would like to see the script to check as some minor script changes might be needed; also, audio is too slow; and sometimes not synced with what's on screen.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Record a version of the Onboarding slides, for use in future Onboarding sessions [assignee] Duke [due] 22 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Give Duke access to the onboarding slides [assignee] Vanessa [due] 15 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action]  Post the script of the new Welcome video in the Onboarding Discord channel for people to view [assignee] SucrenSpice [due] 16 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] correct minutes of our previous meeting on 1st Feb, and upload via Meeting Summary Tool [assignee] cjfrankie  [due] 21 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Updates on Intro tasks on Dework [assignee] Sucren [due] 22 February 2024 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- It would be useful to know what other WGs'capacity is for taking on new members within their current budgets

#### To carry over for next meeting:
- Continuous Onboarding Report by Onyeka
- Ideas and Improvements doc by LadyTempestt
- Draft process for approving a WG by Vani
- Idea for a "matching new people with WGs" Discord channel

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Welcome video, Overall Ambassador Program budget, Onboarding sessions, Onboarding Slides, Process for correcting erros in meeting summaries, Program's capacity for new people
- emotions: funny , Friendly, Slightly too many things on agenda, Did new people feel unsure what was happening?, Confusing when discussing process for correcting errors in meeting summaries, confusing, entertaining, warm


## Friday 16th February 2024


### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: hogantuso [facilitator], devon [documenter], lord kizzy, malik, Slate, hogantuso, devon
- Purpose: The main purpose of the meeting was to discuss  social media management, budget constraints, content creation, and technical challenges.
#### Discussion Points:
- Discussion turned to managing social media tasks, specifically focusing on the frequency of video uploads in light of budget limitations.
- Concerns were raised about maintaining the flow of content and engagement despite limited resources.
- Various updates were provided, including social media metrics such as subscriber counts, views, and engagement across platforms like YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, and TikTok.
- Participants highlighted efforts to upload videos and engage with the audience.
- Task updates were shared, including issues with video uploads and applications to join the video group.
- Suggestions were made regarding reposting previous content to keep accounts active, but concerns were raised about the impact on audience reach, especially on platforms like YouTube.
- Participants discussed the possibility of incorporating content from the Education Guild into their social channels, acknowledging the educational value and quality of such content.
- Concerns were raised about the need for approval and potential edits to the videos before posting
- Participants agreed that most of the videos were ready to be shared without requiring significant edits.
- There was a request to share the document containing the videos for review and learning purposes.

#### Decision Items:
-  Incorporating content from the Education Guild into social channels, acknowledging the educational value and quality of such content.
  - [opposing] First all videos need to be compiled 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Sustain social media presence despite budget constraints.
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: social media management, workgroup updates, Overall Ambassador Program budget
- emotions: speedy , Casual

### Marketing Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Judith [facilitator], lord kizzy [documenter], Sucren, Slate, malik, Franklyn, Aguboss, Lex, Kenichi, Mikasa, hogantuso, Hamzat_iii, Judith, lord kizzy
- Purpose: Assigning tasks for contribution to the branding and communication strategy of the Ambassador Program 
- Working Docs:
  - [Marketing Guild Tasks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ktWxTMqnu-srw7u1EsIU81L37E7agUm8HHesUEZ76wU/edit)

#### Discussion Points:
- Renaming of the Town Hall and the Ambassador Program
- Assigning of Marketing tasks to members
- Possible collaboration with Gamers' Guild

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to create a poll where members of the ambassador could vote, if they are in support or not in changing the Ambassador program and Town Hall name 
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Create and assign the tasks on Dework with task description  [assignee] Judith [due] 19 February 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Marketing, Engagement, Roles, Task Assignment, Name change
- emotions: Friendly, speedy , The meeting was quick and progressive
## Saturday 17th February 2024

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, Gorga Siagian, Slate, TenBaseTee, ShankarUdaniya, duke peter, Flynn, oneforall, devon
- Purpose: Project "Ambassador Program On Roblox"
- Media link: [Link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iyZmt4H1-Gy2AVsi2CVkJr5wUbezWm9HK3XCu8T83AE/edit#gid=0)
#### Narrative:
Presentation of MAP (3D Model Graphic) for the project
Gaming Session - Game made By Slate - Maze Game 
Workshop By @Slate  On basics of "How to Use Roblox Studio". Slate was not able to record the workshop because of screen lag, so proceeded to give the workshop without recording so that everyone can see it clearly. He will record it later for Youtube.

A lot of questions were asked by @Tenbasetee about doing certain things on Roblox Studio, which Slate effciently answered by showcasing how each thing works and is made inside of Roblox Studio.

Then the Gaming Session happened, and everyone was intrigued to ask who made this game and enjoyed it while playing.



#### Decision Items:
- After Flyn And Devon presented the MAP graphic (3D model), it got some feedback that the Ambassador Townhall should be put in the centre rather than on the corner 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed to make the pathway in the 3D model more of a casual pathway rather than a road, as it's inside of a university and not an urban model 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Slate asked everyone whether he can record the meeting later on and post it on youtube, everybody agreed 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We agreed that whoever gets familiar with the usage of Roblox Studio and takes this workshop can work on the project collaboratively with the guild .
  - [rationale] Whether we need some prior experience in order to participate - answer to that was no 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Work on the Map graphic - do rework according to the University Type Model  [assignee] devon, flyn [due] 2 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Record and Upload the workshop on Youtube  [assignee] Slate [due] 2 March 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Post the Winner announcement  [assignee] Slate [due] 17 February 2024 [status] done

#### Game Rules:
The person with the least amount of deaths wins.
Or the person who completed the Maze first.


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st rebel

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Roles, Budget , infographic, Workshop, Roblox, participation
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative
- games played: Roblox