---
description: Mon 7th Jul - Sun 13th Jul 2025
---

# Week 28

## Monday 7th July 2025

### AI Ethics WG

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], LadyTempestt [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, Alfred Itodele, AshleyDawn, CollyPride, Clement Umoh, Effiom, advanceameyaw, Grandi, barnabas, LadyTempestt, PeterE, Sucre n Spice, UKnowZork, Rems, Maximilez, osmium, Jeffrey Ndarake
- **Purpose:** Regular Meeting of the AI Ethics WG
- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI Ethics GitHub Board](https://github.com/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/AI-Ethics-Workgroup/issues)

#### Narrative:
This is our first meeting of the quarter(Q3)!
We reviewed tasks from last quarter, categorized as “In Progress” on the GitHub board. For the unfinished Q2 transcription tasks (aside from Colleen’s), we’ve decided to fold them into the admin roles so they won't receive payment for them. The transcription needs to get done by the end of July, as we are a bit firm with deadlines now.
After further discussion from the Admin Team, we agreed that;
The WG needs to complete tasks quicker - things should not drag on for several months, and should at the very least be completed during the Quarter they are funded in.
Deadlines need to be set to allow time for tasks to be reassigned if the original assignee doesn't have time to complete them.
We need to be clearer that tasks will be reassigned if they're not completed by the deadline.
Going forward, no task will be paid during a Quarter if the token price is below the price at which the budget was calculated (so for Q3 2025, that's $0.30).
If the token price stays below $0.30 for the whole Quarter, then at the end of the Quarter, we will assess what we can't pay. Priority will be given to "output-based" tasks done by members, rather than admin roles.
We decided to change things up now because at first, we wanted people to get used to carrying out tasks in the WG.
Training materials have been revised and updated by Vani. Links here:Interview training AI Ethics WG; BGI Nexus Interviewers' handbook; Transcription training AI Ethics WG
Transcript Checking is ongoing and currently being done by Vani.
AI Ethics MOOC Study Group: The idea is to register for a free course on AI Ethics and meet weekly to discuss each module and the issues it raises. The most popular course is the “EdinburghX’s Data Ethics, AI and Responsible Innovation” but interested people in the study group need to finish the course by the 11th of August so they don't lose free access to it. The time for the weekly meet will be sorted out async. Course Link here: https://www.edx.org/learn/artificial-intelligence/the-university-of-edinburgh-data-ethics-ai-and-responsible-innovation 
Interviews: We’ve budgeted for 8 new half-hour interviews this quarter but we didn't include expenses so might have to take money from the budget for transcription tasks this quarter. Deadline for all Q3 interviews will be the 8th of August, any interview not done by then can either be reassigned or put the money back in the WG purse. The assignees so far are Clement(2x), Grandi(2x), UknowZork(2x), Rems, and Jeffery.
Interview Transcription: We might not get to do any Q3 transcriptions because we have to clear out the backlog from last quarter. Deadline to finish up old transcripts is the 31st of July. People up for transcripts are Clement, UknowZork, Jeffrey, Ashley, Barnabas, AdvanceAmeyaw, Maximilez, and Grandi.



#### Decision Items:
- Our next meetings are on the 4th of August and the 1st of September.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Going forward, no task will be paid during a Quarter if the token price is below the price at which the budget was calculated (so for Q3 2025, that's $0.30)
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to check in with Colleen to see if she is planning another discussion event. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 10 July 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Vani to create issues on the Board for interviewers on or before Thursday. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 10 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to create folders on the BGI Nexus Drive for new Interviewers. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 31 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to create issues for transcribers, anonymise some old interviews, and assign them by Thursday. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 10 July 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Vani to meet with Esther to find out what the plans are for the Beneficial AGI (BGI) Summit & Unconference 2025. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Clement to document our next meeting in August. [**assignee**] Clement Umoh [**due**] 11 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] UknowZork to document 1st September AI Ethics meeting. [**assignee**] UKnowZork [**due**] 8 September 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI Ethics MOOC Study group, Interview Transcription, AI Ethics Interviews, budget management, deadlines, Transcript checking
- **emotions:** quiet, short, Deliberative


## Tuesday 8th July 2025

### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Clement Umoh [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, advanceameyaw, UKnowZork, CJFrankie, Duke, Jeffrey Ndarake
- **Purpose:** Bi-weekly meeting of the African guild 
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
Intro: The call opened with Clement suggesting a shift from bi-weekly to monthly meetings, citing the current low token price and our budget limitations. He proposed that the idea be discussed further with the Focus Group before making a final decision.
CJFrankie supported the idea, suggesting that we hold meetings on the first Thursday of every month to help cut down on costs, especially given the unfavorable token rates. However, Advance expressed concerns about this change, emphasizing that bi-weekly meetings help maintain momentum and keep the workgroup effective. While he acknowledged that monthly meetings might ease the budget strain, he felt we should stick to the bi-weekly schedule if it's still feasible. 


Highlights / Upcoming events
Clement shared details about the upcoming Afro AI Multilingual Workshop in Nigeria, organized through the Education Initiative. This is the second phase of the workshop, and this time, the content will be translated into Hausa. Clement believes this approach will not only make the material more accessible but also encourage more people to learn the language. The workshop will spotlight African innovators and incorporate storytelling to foster deeper local engagement.
Advance asked concerning communication around brand guidelines for flyer design and marketing support for post scheduling. If needed, the marketing team will assist with flyer design upon Clement’s request, but he added that he will first check with Kizzy for clarity.


AOB: Advance asked about the next steps for the Research on Indigenous AI tools for Africans. Clement explained that while there were plans to continue, the Guild has put things on hold for now because of the current AGIX token price. They’re hoping to pick it back up once the price improves.


The meeting wrapped up with Clement promising to share the storyline documents used in the Afro AI Multilingual Workshop via the Discord channel.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] All members should come up with ideas on how to keep the guild moving - 16th of May
 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Multilingual, Marketing Guild, Education initiative, Q2 2025 budget
- **emotions:**  insightful, welcoming, progressive, relaxed, collaborative


## Wednesday 9th July 2025


### Archives Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Stephen [QADAO] [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], André, CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], Alfred Itodele, Jeffrey Ndarake, PeterE, Rems, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Archive names (a list of the name that people are most commonly known by in the Archives)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1r5LDA7yiERtWuu-HHYsBiG-RLyjDCtTZUB8H-xZHFsE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q3 2025 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GitHub Issue for this meeting](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/273)
  - [Archives WG - types of corrections made to meeting summaries](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NaBXAtSiz4Gs7lJD7FGVOxghmI0Vtyks103qMqfK9n8/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Decision Items:
- As token price remains low, we still won't submit any pending Q1 tasks at the moment
  - [**rationale**] The Q1 budget was calculated at $0.55 so we're not there yet
  - [**opposing**] We might rethink in August, and pay outstanding Q1 tasks anyway
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- André's tool development in June (see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/263) included:

- fixing an isssue with the Project Management task auto-creation (it wasn't adding the correct content)
- fixing a bug with "Working docs" field in meeting summaries
- fixing a bug that meant new summaries were not being posted properly to GitBook, due to an error with the date structure

Also Vani wrote a list of the types of corrections that get made to meeting summaries, to tie in with André's work in May and June on comparing summaries pre and post correction.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The WG's Q3 2025 budget got consent from the community with no objections.

We noted that this budget marks a shift in emphasis for Archives WG, away from archive maintenance and development of the Summary tool, and towards graph development. However, we intend that our work on the redesign of the summary tool will be reinstated in Q4 2025.

  - [**rationale**] Essentially, this is due to having a lower budget cap, and prioritising what we feel is the most significant and important area of our work at present.
But also - we now have a large corpus of meeting summaries, so we are able to shift our focus on how to use AI tooling to interrogate and use that corpus.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- On the monthly archives GitBook issues: we noted that summaries are still being submitted without any chasing, so the Archives are fairly complete for Q2, and going well for July; although as previouly noted, there are fewer meetings happening in general.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that some meetings are still on the Calendar but are not happening. We will mention in the next WG Sync Call to ask WGs to tidy up their calendar entries, and will post in Ambassador-General Discord on the same.
  - [**rationale**] since we use the Calendar to check which meetings happened and have been summarised.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that the development repo on Rule-Based Auditing Neo4j development, which was temporarily on the QADAO Organization, has now been transferred to the SingularityNET-Archive - see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/Graph-Development and pinned to the SNET Organization.

We also noted that the related Wiki contains a lot of useful content for people who want to explore what we are working on https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/Graph-Development/wiki
  - [**rationale**] To make the materials more accessible to the Ambassador Program
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- In July, Stephen and Vani's focus (see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/274) will be on developing learning resources and community engagement around how to use Neo4.j and particularly, rule-based auditing. 
  - [**rationale**] Our approach is focused on auditing the results of a graph-based process; and, in line with the fact that thee Ambassador community has created the Archives corpus, we want to foster a sense of ownership of the data by enabling people to work with it.
- Peter mentioned the development of https://docs.qwello.ai/ elsewhere in sNET, and suggessted there might be some crossover with our work. 
  - [**rationale**] Qwello builds knowledge graphs out of people's documents (PDFs), whereas we are using GitBook and linked Googledocs) as our main source; plus, we have a focus on audit and examination of the results/outputs of a knowledge graph from an ethical and open-source perspective; so there are definitely points of connection.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani has approached DeepFunding to ask if the Events Circle could take on documentation of DF Town Hall. They have a member who is interested in taking it on and would like training on how to use the summary tool. Vani to chase it up.
 [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 30 July 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Andre to add Rems's name to the Archive Names controlled vocab [**assignee**] André [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Stephen to post in the Archives Discord channel to say that our graph development repo has been moved to the sNET GitHub organization, and to encourage people to have a look

And he will attend the next Town Hall to say this and say a bit about what we are doing this Quarter. [**assignee**] Stephen [QADAO] [**due**] 15 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to contact AI Sandbox/Think Tank to ask if they are potentially interested in hosting a workshop on our graph work later in the Quarter [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to add to the WG Sync Call agenda to ask WGs to check their meetings are correct on the Calendar, and will post in Discord to say the same. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 10 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AGIX price, controlled vocab, AI ethics, Q3 2025 budget, rule-based auditing, Deepfunding Town Hall, token price, Neo4j, Ambassador Program calendar, community engagement
- **emotions:** interesting, short,  forward-looking

### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], Hotasiro, Rems, Alfred Itodele, Kateri, KENZO, UKnowZork, Slate
- **Purpose:** Facilitation Discussion - Portofolio Selection Process & Results By Assesors - CCCP Discussion - Content Creation Roadmap- Presentation Series Update
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Portofolios For Review](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15tq_42iVYvqENbf1hkIDYDP3kjUKZ-9JxxafHDy7Vko/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started with Slate welcoming everybody
- Meeting facilitation:
It was decided to make a poll on the education guild Discord channel on whether to rotate Facilitation of Education Guild meetingsor not.
- Portofolio Selection Process: 
Portfolio submissions now closed, late submissions not accepted. Assessors have evaluated submissions for content creation, automation, and project leadership capabilities. Assessors reviewed portfolios based on the quality and relevance of submitted work, including infographics and videos. Candidates were evaluated on their skills in content creation, automation, and project leadership. Final selections were made collaboratively among assessors, ensuring that chosen candidates met the established criteria for the roles.
- Assesor Results: 

Gorga (Assesor) Assessment Results: Four qualified candidates selected by Gorga: Lord_Kizzy, Zalfredd, Devon Hardy, and Frosh. Individual comments provided for all candidates with detailed feedback on submitted samples. 

Kateri (Assesor) Assessment Results: Video production requirement - many candidates disqualified for submitting only infographics without video samples. Skill overlap rationale - video editors typically can also create infographics, but not vice versa. Kateri agreed with Gorga's selection of four candidates for the certification program. The candidates were chosen based on their performance in submitted portfolios, particularly their ability to produce both infographics and videos.

Ese (Assesor) Assessment Results: Ese was not present at the meeting, but through the assessor's scoring on the spreadsheet, she has commented on the candidates' portfolios, but has not yet decided who passes. Final qualifications will be determined after discussions among the assessors to ensure a comprehensive evaluation of each candidate's skills.
- Content Creation Roadmap:
Five-person requirement - The selection process for content creators has identified four qualified candidates, so an additional candidate is needed to meet the five-person requirement for the content creation team. The assessors will evaluate any late submissions to potentially include another candidate. Peer review system - each content creator assigned a peer reviewer to evaluate infographics and videos before submission.
- Presentation series proposed by Kenichi:
completion of Module 3 - Kenichi has shared the link for the Module 3 presentation series. Module 3 is part of a presentation series that aims to improve the delivery of educational content. Kenichi has shared the link to Module 3 for team members to review and use in ongoing projects. Final module pending - Module 4 remaining, assigned to Zalfredd to complete first phase.

#### Decision Items:
- We agree to create a poll to decide whether the facilitation is rotated or not
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Slate to share success criteria document with assessors in Assesor group chat  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Slate to make adjustments to success criteria document and finalize by next Wednesday Meeting [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Slate to create task assignments for content creators by next meeting and share new initiatives for member involvement by next week's meeting [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Gorga to create poll in educational channel asking whether facilitation should rotate (yes/no format) [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian [**due**] 10 July 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Assessors make the final decision for the Infographic Design and Video Editor role selection process at the next meeting. [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, Kateri, esewilliams [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Zalfred to complete module 4 for phase 1 of the Presentation series. [**assignee**] Zalfred [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kateri to document the next meeting session [**assignee**] Kateri [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:**  Process improvement, presentation series, role assignment, Decision Making Process, Facilitation, portfolio, Assessor, content creation roadmap
- **emotions:**  Collaborative