---
description: Mon 30th Jun - Sun 6th Jul 2025
---

# Week 27

## Thursday 3rd July 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], Maxmilez [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, Maxmilez, PeterE, guillermolucero, Tevo, Iain Wentworth, Alfred Itodele, Effiom, Jeffrey Ndarake, UknowZork, LadyTempestt, AshleyDawn, Sucre n Spice
- **Purpose:** Weekly Open Governance Meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Issues from Ambassador Program consent processes 					](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l6FoO10E4aLQo7zlOXFEsDaiZMxUnKKbRbYt7maLtm4/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Narrative:
Governance Workgroup Tag: We agreed to give the Governance WG tag to Jeffrey, Maxmilez, UKnowZork, Iain Wentworth, Alfred, Rems and Love Owokere who have been attending for a while.

Tracking Issues and Governance Dashboard Updates: The topic for today’s meeting is “Ways of tracking issues that come up repeatedly during the Budget Consent Process. 
Tracking Issues and Governance Dashboard Updates: Looking forward to the launching of Ai agent application when it’s ready on governance dashboard to help in identifying such issues in the future.

Discussion on Addressing Recurring Objections and Workgroup Reserves: Addressing Recurring Objections and Workgroup Reserves; WGs having recurring objections can be invited for a meeting with the governance have a fair discussions to understand the reason for the recurring objections from the past quarter to be able to find a lasting solution, seeing Governance as the right platform to have such meeting.

Discussion on Work Group Outcomes and Governance: Quality of work and output:  the reason most of the questions on quality of work and output surfaces most times might be due to not having clarity on outcomes of most contents and most times it is difficult to point it out. 

Discussion on Outcomes vs. Outputs in Budget Approvals: WGs should point out the details of what they are doing and the outcomes giving examples of content creation and the engagement they have had and the content shared on social media platforms.
Quarterly reports should point out the effects of what WGs have achieved at the end of every quarter and what they plan to achieve in the quarter ahead as they are to put more concentration on outcomes than outputs and KPIS.

R&D Challenges and Improvement Strategies: The R&D Guild as an example of failing on different experiments and after every failure observed there is always a room for correction and coming up with new Ideas and making sure it’s been addressed and more effort is been put in place to make sure it succeeds.

Collaborative Approaches to Workgroup Challenges: We believe  if there will be by any means a follow-up on WGs and Guilds to address issues that keep coming up And also having outcomes in the balance sheet of tokens spent every quarter  to avoid same issues coming up over again. (Just a thought)

Decision-Making Framework and Work Group Participation: We should find a way in having WGs collaborate whereby members of other WGs are allowed to look into each other’s work and effort and try to find a way in making every task accomplished and also have a better outcome, at least it will help also.


#### Discussion Points:
- Governance WG Tag
- Tracking Issues and Governance Dashboard Updates
- Recurrent Issues from Budget Consent Process

#### Decision Items:
- Everyone will add topics to the rolling agenda that they think need separate discussion
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Zealy will definitely be among the topics to be discussed on the Governance meeting agenda
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- WG reserves will be another topic, and we need to ask workgroups to look at what their leftovers are and how they're managing their reserves.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We should do some direct work with each WG about defining their outcomes, and their intended impact, and how they will achieve it (like a mini Theory of Change) and 4a) We agreed that it might be possible to use Program reserves to fund this, though we did not definitely agree it - it needs to be picked up in a later meeting
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We could start by work shopping the above in a Governance meeting or a TH with one workgroup, as a demonstration
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed it would be good to train WGs how to manage token fluctuation when paying, e.g. pricing tasks in AGIX, although they would not have to adopt any particular approach
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We agreed we need to discuss possibility of contribution / reputation weighting, and noted that our current respect network and trust network is not leveraged for weighting our voice
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani will continue working on the spreadsheet to track issues and gather data on recurring concerns from workgroups [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 31 July 2025 [**status**] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Consent Process, Consent dashboard, Governance Dashboard, recurring objections, reputation weighting, contribution, outputs vs outcomes, work quality, Issue tracking
- **emotions:**  forward-looking, thoughtful

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, CollyPride, PeterE, UKnowZork, Gorga Siagian, Jeffrey Ndarake, Alfred Itodele, martinsoki, Santos, osmium, Kateri
- **Purpose:** Weekly meetings 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1frji-xCkUlevi4w5nYU3Bt5geziVF6I35TXHvjr1_Bc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Trust in AI: building ethical and beneficial AGI
Vasu led a conversation about the ethical implications of AI, specifically addressing the need for trust in AI systems amidst a landscape of misinformation. Colleen Pridemore contributed insights on how AI learns from nuanced discussions and shared her belief in AI's potential beyond its current capabilities. She also mentioned her pivot towards her own work due to challenges with her previous projects.
- Mindplex community update:
Vasu provided an update on the Mindplex platform experiencing significant growth with 50,000-60,000 users and 20,000-30,000 app downloads in 2-3 months since February/March launch. He emphasized the role of network effects in fostering community engagement and mentioned Darshana Patel's involvement in the Mindplex community and her indirect connection to MeTTa, indicating her contributions are gaining traction.
- BCI and emotional AI development: 
Colleen shared her goal of learning about brain-computer interfaces (BCI) and emotional recognition in AI, emphasizing the need for training. While Vasu discussed the complexities of quantum neural networks and their implications for emotional factors in AI systems. They also addressed the challenges of data processing and the importance of effective pattern recognition in training AI.
- AI authenticity and tracking: 
Vasu  posed a question regarding the potential of AI watermarks and provenance tracking to restore authenticity. Colleen highlighted the subjective aspects of authenticity and the exponential growth of AI, sharing her observations on its capabilities. Advanceameyaw contributed by discussing the challenges of distinguishing between real and AI-generated content and the importance of defining authenticity in this context.
- Sarcasm recognition and quantum neural networks: 
Colleen discussed the development of sarcasm recognition in AI, highlighting how it took time for the system to understand and respond appropriately. Vasu emphasized the role of context in AI interactions and asked Colleen to share a link RE the work of Scott Forshaw of Toridian on quantum neural networks. The conversation also touched on the complexities of these technologies.
- AI Sandbox session planning: 
Vasu facilitated a conversation on the frequency of meetings; the group ultimately decided to maintain a weekly schedule.

#### Decision Items:
- We decided to maintain a weekly schedule
  - [**rationale**] based on participant feedback.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vasu to contact Peter and the MeTTa team to discuss the possibility of showcasing OpenCog Hyperon. [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 10 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** OpenCOG Hyperon, Mindplex, AI Authenticity, AGI alignment, Quantum Neural Networks, brain-computer interfaces, MeTTa., Darshana Patel, pattern recognition
- **emotions:** Friendly, Educative


## Friday 4th July 2025


### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** esewilliams [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, Duke, Jeffrey Ndarake, Alfred Itodele, esewilliams, UKnowZork
- **Purpose:** Bi-weekly meeting of the African guild 
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
Intro: The session opened with Ese expressing concern over the low attendance in recent guild meetings. She pointed out that not only have fewer people been joining the calls, but active participation during the meetings has also declined. She asked if anyone present had attended the last session facilitated by Clement. Advance briefly recapped what was discussed in that session, and Jeffery chimed in, stating that while he had joined the call, he didn’t catch enough context to contribute meaningfully or recall detailed discussions.

Highlights/Upcoming Events: Shifting the discussion toward the root of the issue, Ese asked the group how they believed participation could be improved. In response, Advance suggested that the decline might be due to financial challenges particularly referencing how the recent token price drop had affected multiple workgroups and guilds, potentially demotivating members. Building on this, UknowZork pointed out that the last two or three sessions facilitated by Duke had also seen very poor attendance, and this trend could be tied to the current bi-weekly meeting schedule, which, in her view, had dampened the spirit of the guild. She proposed returning to a weekly meeting structure to bring back engagement.

Advance supported this idea, agreeing that the bi-weekly format had reduced both effectiveness and enthusiasm among members. At this point, Ese posed a key question: “Given our current budget and the drop in token value, can we realistically support weekly meetings?” UknowZork responded by suggesting a partial shift toward volunteerism, especially for tasks like facilitation. She proposed using these roles as mentorship opportunities where members could learn how to lead meetings, even if the tasks aren’t currently funded.

While the proposal had merit, Advance expressed hesitation, indicating that while volunteerism is a thoughtful approach, it might not be sustainable at this time. Jeffery added another layer of concern, noting that it would be unfair to expect new contributors who haven’t previously benefited from paid opportunities to volunteer, especially when others in the past had earned during more favorable conditions.

Recognizing all these perspectives, Ese cautioned that while the suggestions were valuable, any changes must be made carefully. She reflected on a time when the African Guild had consistently high participation and vibrant energy, but acknowledged that the token price crash played a major role in shifting that dynamic. To move forward, Advance and Jeffery both recommended reaching out directly to inactive guild members to understand their needs and encourage engagement. They also discussed the idea of sharing regular reminders in the guild’s Discord channel to help boost meeting turnout.


AOB: Before wrapping up, Advance threw in a refreshing idea: “Why don’t we make the meetings more fun maybe add something cultural or playful to keep things lively?” Like little activities that remind us of home and bring back the sense of community. Ese loved the suggestion and encouraged everyone to think about creative ways we can make the sessions get lively and get more participation. The call ended on a hopeful note, with Advance offering to personally reach out to some guild members on Discord to help reignite that sense of connection.



#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Advance and Jeffery to reach out to other guild members and ask about their well-being
 [**assignee**] advanceameyaw, Jeffrey Ndarake [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Token price, Meeting attendance, Facilitation, Volunteerism, African guild, Budget
- **emotions:** welcoming, progressive, relaxed, collaborative

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, photogee, Mikasa, advanceameyaw, Eric Davies, esewilliams, kenichi, CJFrankie, UKnowZork, Jeffrey Ndarake, kareem, Kateri, Alfred Itodele, LordKizzy
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: Ayo opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming attendees and sharing the agenda for discussion. He prompted participants to review the previous meeting's summary notes.
- Discussions on Distribution sheet
LordKizzy provided context on the distribution sheet, highlighting the need to decide whether to implement biweekly meetings and explore ways to reduce responsibilities across all roles, with an emphasis on scaling back tasks such as facilitation and documentation. LordKizzy introduced two proposed distribution models for the Marketing Guild, based on a total quarterly budget of 7,171 AGIX.
Structure 1 retains the current payment system, where Core members receive 150 AGIX per month, and Taskforce members receive 100 AGIX per month. leaving 1,921 AGIX left to spend on simple, low-budget initiatives with clear deliverables.
Structure 2 restructures the budget by dividing responsibilities between operations (30%) and initiatives (70%). The operations team is allocated 2,160 AGIX for the quarter. The remaining funds support two initiative groups of four members each, with each group receiving 2,505 AGIX per quarter. This structure enables more strategic funding distribution and clearer task accountability.
LordKizzy emphasized the need to clearly define responsibilities and finalize the distribution structure within the first week of the month to avoid planning and payment delays, especially given the reduced funding available.
- Discussion on Zealy and Podcast Initiatives:
Kenichi raised concerns about the guild's effectiveness, noting that many current activities do not align with marketing objectives, with the podcast being a notable exception. He advocated for each member to propose roles that directly support measurable goals for Q3, suggesting that the podcast should be the flagship initiative.
Ese Williams agreed with Kenichi on the importance of establishing a clear direction for the marketing guild's initiatives. She expressed concerns about the podcast's current execution, suggesting that the team should start small and scale gradually. Ese also pointed out the lack of measurable impact from the Zealy initiative on their Twitter metrics, indicating a need for better operational and campaign structures.
LordKizzy reiterated the importance of focusing on outcomes rather than outputs, stressing that without proper execution, the guild's efforts would not yield the desired results.
Ayo emphasized the need for quick decisions on marketing initiatives, especially the podcast. Ese expressed concerns about the podcast’s challenges and suggested launching multiple initiatives to show progress. Kenichi supported the podcast but highlighted the importance of engaging the community through various platforms. LordKizzy recommended running the podcast alongside another initiative to boost social media activity.
- Update on GitHub Board:
Ese indicated that the July board is prepared but requires restructuring, and she noted that June's social media metrics are still under review due to late submissions. She suggested creating a tabular format for Q3 to better track growth or decline.

#### Decision Items:
- The group decided to form two distinct teams: one dedicated to the podcast and the other to additional initiatives aimed at enhancing social media engagement.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to copy the document and resolve the comments on the governance documents and share them with the group for final acceptance by next week. [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ayo to help CJFrankie get the Read AI meeting summary date [**assignee**] Ayo [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Mikasa to handle the review of attendance for the last quarter [**assignee**] Mikasa [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Eric Davis to send links and metrics for the first two episodes of the podcast [**assignee**] Eric Davies [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Advanceameyaw to provide updates on the Afro multilingual literacy drive next meeting. [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ese Williams to restructure the board for July based on the new initiatives. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 11 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Marketing Guild Distribution Structure, Podcast Intiative,  Zealy sprints , GitHub project board
- **emotions:** Interesting, contributive,  Understanding.