---
description: Mon 21st Jul - Sun 27th Jul 2025
---

# Week 30

## Wednesday 23rd July 2025


### Education Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], Kateri [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, osmium, unkowzork, LordKizzy, martinsoki
- **Purpose:** Weekly meetings update 
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Assessor role task breakdown ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15tq_42iVYvqENbf1hkIDYDP3kjUKZ-9JxxafHDy7Vko/edit?gid=1103219513#gid=1103219513&range=R13)
  - [Governance Slides ](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1150822206281105529/1397600736061427765/singularitynet_governance_slides_20250720224346.pdf_1.pdf?ex=689179dd&is=6890285d&hm=31af3e1769ff566ed5144056dd417f95c813fccdb623c9c31a6f18de5d67f417&)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
-  Governance Slides 

#### Discussion Points:
- Meeting started off with a discussion on whether to consider Osmium for the content creation role because he just submitted his infographic slides after the creators has been considered 
- Osmium showcase the blueprint for governance series and gave a detailed presentation on it, no comment was made by members. He noted that the whole road map is already live but no date has been finalized yet.
- Gorga noted that we have finished the first phase as an assessor and intend to move to the next phase 
- Meeting closed off with updates from the presentation series, Osmium noted that Zalfred was already making module four of the series 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] The assessors should check the infographic submitted by Osmium and make their decision  [**assignee**] Gorga Siagian, Kateri, esewilliams [**due**] 6 August 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] The first phase of the assessor task should be assigned on dework [**assignee**] Slate [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Slate to assign task assignments for the content creators  [**assignee**] Slate [**due**] 6 August 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Uknowzork to document the next meeting and Ese to facilitate  [**assignee**] UKnowZork, esewilliams [**due**] 6 August 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Osmium to chat with Peter about the date for governance series  [**assignee**] osmium [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** content creator, governance series
- **emotions:**  Collaborative,  Understanding.

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], guillermolucero, LordKizzy, kenichi, AJ, advanceameyaw, CollyPride, Mayor Defi, osmium, Alfred Itodele, Jeffrey Ndarake
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions
- **Working Docs:**
  - [MeTTa Coder Lab drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yUE7TQSRzE6BUyOUh41mHQGb_WmZhyEb)
  - [Nunet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwU_T2iANX63x3AYyofSb3s2cjp8SPZhMeoK60MTD8nSiIbA/viewform)
  - [Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16Rp5FqkRkBAxEc362uusDkXA23kCBS8o4yXeZYYtmsI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ccgsnlbc8s9h)
  - [Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15dJCh1k8_MR39HS5MaQynf6hTho80rUO1XNZAtifgI0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pJRfpdySCsvkjsMnWpDoeAMVpRJQQxJgTdJJWFj3ioc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs,  Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access, Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program,  AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. 

-  Address concerns; Gov-Dash / SingularityNET Ambassadors Governance Framework. 
- AOB Open discussions: Operations moving forward,
identify and establish priorities,
New proposals system redesign,
Onboarding Devs

#### Discussion Points:
- Address concerns on R&D Guild: The discussion focused on the developments within the R&D guild, emphasizing the need for a retrospective analysis of project outcomes concerning resource allocation. Members highlighted the importance of implementing a result-based allocation system to guide future proposals and budget distribution. Open dialogue was encouraged, with participants reflecting on past challenges, particularly communication issues and project sustainability. Specific examples of miscommunication impacting project success were shared, aiming to foster a constructive environment for future decision-making.

Advanceameyaw raised concerns regarding the CSDB project, asserting that it had successfully passed through testing phases and was operational last year. He questioned the current inactivity of the project and highlighted the significant time and limited resources invested in the project. The discussion underscored the need for a sustainable approach to project management, with Guillermo emphasizing the importance of understanding prior investments to assess project sustainability accurately. The conversation was framed around proposals rather than individual accountability, promoting a collaborative dialogue.

Nwobi Onyeka provided updates on various projects, confirming the completion of the Social Media Dashboard and the Web3 Contribution Dashboard. He noted discrepancies in project funding reports and reiterated the importance of presenting results before considering projects completed. Tensions arose during discussions about budget allocations for the R&D Guild, particularly regarding funding proposals for Q2 and Q3. Misunderstandings about project funding timing and categorization were evident, highlighting the need for clear communication and accurate record-keeping.

Colleen Pridemore emphasized the urgency of addressing community struggles amidst rapid technological advancements and proposed the formation of a task force to enhance communication and tackle budget issues. Kenichi provided updates on project deliverables related to SBTs and legacy, expressing frustration over resource allocation. The group agreed on the necessity of reassessing timelines and budget allocations to improve decision-making processes. A follow-up meeting was scheduled to ensure progress, with Colleen committing to initiate further discussions on Discord to maintain momentum.



#### Decision Items:
- We decided to have a follow-up group to initiate Further discussions
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Guillermo Lucero will schedule a call with Tevo to discuss the integration of the Governance dashboard with the treasury [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Kenichi to share a visual presentation highlighting the progress updates on the R&D Channel [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 23 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** CSDB, Proposals, SEO, Governance Dashboard, Status update, Project Management, Concerns
- **emotions:**  Understanding.,  Satisfaction ,  Need for Clarity  , Lengthy