---
description: Mon 14th Jul - Sun 20th Jul 2025
---

# Week 29

## Sunday 13th July 2025

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Tevo, Effiom [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, effiom, Jeffrey, tevo, UknowZork, AshleyDawn
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764629777661028&cot=10)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Knowledge Base GitBook](https://ambassadorss-organization.gitbook.io/knowledge-base)
  - [Workgroup contributions and Tasks](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/24/views/1)
  - [Session Summary Archive](https://archives-dashboard.netlify.app/search?tab=meetings&workgroup=96f6ef88-5285-4ec6-8fe4-f2ab0347be00)

#### Agenda item 1 - Knowledge Base Onboarding and Feedback - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we reward new feedback?
- Knowledge Base Proposal seems to be a good document for onboarding
- Uncertain when the time comes to contribute
- Unclear where to look for up-to-date information async

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to reward the new feedback

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Update the Google Form Question "What existing Workgroup activities you would like to contribute with and why?” to better reflect this workgroup [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Review and update the Knowledge Base WG Proposal to provide better clarity on how we coordinate async [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Workgroup Management - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should we have a specific type of meeting that does not require preparation and a meeting summary practically done in the meeting itself?
- What are Quarter 3 maintenance plans?

- [Insight](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X1JC3Op5i4dGkthxHSYzwF-mSaKn8LZArh5ZvpxG_1A/) into how ODIN will test the establishing proposal this summer and how they do the minimal requirements proposal process to create collaboration environments

- We established the initial Q3 monthly roadmap and base expectations of what we want to achieve in sessions.


#### Decision Items:
- Next session planned for the 7th July 10:00 AM UTC; we agreed to maintain the same meeting time

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Next session we will focus on deciding how we do resource collection for Q3. Onboard people to GitHub and prepare Agenda items for the next 2 sessions in Q3
- Moved agenda item to next session, “Review Previous Session Actions items (Purple Stickies)”
- Start tagging relevant members when tagging Discord Roles when session summaries or preparations are shared

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Tevo to draft and Archive Meeting Summary [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Effiom to review and publish the Meeting Summary [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Review and Update Knowledge Base WG Role [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 3 - Review Knowledge Base GitBook updates - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Reviewed GitBook, shared update on the [getting started page] (https://ambassadorss-organization.gitbook.io/knowledge-base)
- All Categories are updated with new information

#### Agenda item 4 - Retrospective on Resource Collecting and Organising - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Both Advance and Tevo liked the organising process
- GPT is very helpful, providing useful information or triggering thoughts of improvements
- Organising videos is more challenging
- Organising Items gives a nice and logical framework to understand the Ambassador Program
- Takes effort to find relevant information
- Best places to find info: Discord, Meeting Summaries and Quarterly Reports
- It's time-consuming to learn about the document context and understand its current relevance for GitBook

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Check into budget documents and under tasks that are submitted to the treasury to see if it's a better source for assets [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 5 - Finalize Q2 Progress Report - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- We went over the Progress Report, line by line
- [Knowledge Base WG Q2 2025 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZjfX7X31xmXR0FzK41ZYErX95LIFUaUEW50cWBfKjkw)

#### Decision Items:
- Let's continue the same strategy for the Progress Report for the next quarter, as this seems to work well

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Everyone, please share insights on what you have learned from Knowledge Base updates. Share the feedback in the Process Guild Discord Channel or directly to the Progress Report in the Community Engagement section. [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Gitbook, Miro Board, Q2 report, Budget, Group Reserve


## Thursday 17th July 2025


### Governance Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** PeterE, CallyFromAuron [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], PeterE, CallyFromAuron, UKnowZork, Jeffrey Ndarake, CollyPride, Tevo, advanceameyaw, Effiom, guillermolucero, Alfred Itodele, Maxmilez
- **Purpose:** Regular Weekly GovWG meeting
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Workgroups >< wider ecosystem collaborations](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EMxTnjWwjgRyRYmKBaYhLu1vdaHpXQH5FWD69qgO54A/edit?gid=0#gid=0)

#### Narrative:
In this session we explored alternative ways to support and fund the work happening within the Ambassador Programme, especially given the limitations of the current budget. Vani kicked things off by sharing a spreadsheet of ideas, including a few promising grant opportunities like an EU initiative focused on AI for Africa. She suggested subscribing to a grant database (for about €99 a year) to help surface more of these opportunities. The group was open to it, though some felt it would be good to first confirm eligibility requirements and whether it’s worth the cost.

There was a broader discussion about making sure workgroups are actively tracking funding opportunities things like RFPs and hackathons and whether someone should be tasked with flagging relevant calls to each group. People agreed that otherwise, chances could easily be missed. A few ideas were thrown around: setting up a Discord channel for deep funding updates, encouraging groups to keep "back burner" projects ready in case the right opportunity comes up, and even suggesting each workgroup think more strategically about what they'd pitch if the funding stars aligned.

The conversation then turned to a big question: could the community actually sell some of its services like Archive tool, governance tools to other projects or ecosystems? While intriguing at first, several people (including Tevo and Guillermo) raised valid concerns. Would these services be useful to outsiders? Who would actually benefit from the income? Would it support the broader mission, or just become freelance gigs for a few individuals? 

Instead, we began to align around the idea of external fundraising not just for the Ambassador Programme itself, but to help workgroups find the resources they need to grow and evolve. That led to a concrete proposal: what if a temporary fundraising workgroup was formed? A team that could help identify grants, write applications, and guide other contributors through the process? Guillermo emphasized the importance of tying this work to actual results and having clear systems to show impact, especially as tools like the governance dashboard and archive system start to take shape. Some viewed it as a win, since it means people are growing, moving forward, and still contributing to the larger ecosystem. Either way, it reinforced the importance of having solid onboarding in place to keep fresh contributors coming in.

Vani and Peter floated the idea of a trial: set aside a modest budget (somewhere between $600 and $3,000, sourced from reserves), run the fundraising workgroup in Q4, and see how it goes. We discussed what kind of people should be involved ideally those with experience writing successful funding proposals, but also room for newer people who are willing to learn and contribute.

Before wrapping up, there were a few last questions: Should we focus only on deep funding, or cast a wider net? Should we reinstate the “New Ideas Budget” from reserves to test the project? How do we fairly select who leads this effort? Everyone was broadly supportive, and the next steps will likely include drafting a clear proposal outlining the scope, timeline, goals, and how success will be measured then circulating it for community feedback and consents.


#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to explore the creation of a temporary fundraising workgroup, with the goal of identifying and applying for external funding opportunities to support workgroup initiatives beyond the Ambassador Programme’s core budget.

  - [**rationale**] To address funding gaps, unlock external opportunities, and test a focused, low-risk approach to supporting ecosystem work through a dedicated fundraising team.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Draft a formal proposal to establish a temporary fundraising workgroup (with support from interested contributors). [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 18 July 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Tevo will facilitate the Town Hall next week. [**assignee**] Tevo [**due**] 22 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** DeepFunding, Proposal, service, Budget, task, Proposal eligibility, Governance Dashboard, Ambassador program
- **emotions:** detailed, collaborative, educative, fun, insightful, informative

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], LordKizzy, UKnowZork, Jeffrey Ndarake, Alfred Itodele, Santos, advanceameyaw, martinsoki, CallyFromAuron
- **Purpose:**  AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK #36
- **Working Docs:**
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ob0eiy-rOHTVy51WYWj9C4XKfGc2oQniDujKS0iMmX8/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Ambassador Program website](https://ambassadors.singularitynet.io/)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Introduction and welcome: The meeting kicked off with Lordkizzy welcoming everyone, and Vasu shared the agenda for the day’s meeting 

- Showcase: Ambassador Website Overview: 
 - Vsu presented the new Ambassador Program website https://ambassadors.singularitynet.io/ which launched approximately one week ago with SEO project already underway funded by R&D. The SingularityNet Ambassador Program website aims to serve as a hub for onboarding new ambassadors and sharing educational materials.
An SEO project is currently in progress to enhance the website's visibility and organic traffic, leveraging insights from recent audits. Website audit revealed multiple issues including broken links, missing CSR links, and non-functional community forum links. Navigation buttons incorrectly labeled - 'Join the program' leads to about page while 'About the program' leads to Open Roles. Login/signup buttons redirect to Deep Funding website instead of Ambassador-specific functionality, causing confusion about program identity. causing confusion about program identity. Website appears designed more for Deep Funding ecosystem rather than existing Ambassador community members.
-  Introduction to ASI1 LLM Framework :
- Vasu introduces what is ASI1 LLM Framework. ASI LLM introduced as world's first Web3 native language model designed for Agentic AI, optimized for complex agent interactions. The ASI LLM is designed to facilitate complex interactions required by agent-based AI systems. It leverages a Web3 architecture, ensuring decentralized and community-driven development. SEO research assistant AI agent prototype created using ASI LLM framework for website optimization.
-  Live Build: Agent #1 — SEO Researcher Assistant :
- Osmium showed how the Ambassador Agent role works directly on the https://asi1.ai platform by demonstrating a live and functional SEO Researcher Assistant AI agent. The development of this agent was simplified through the Agent Wars platform built by Fetch AI, with API access from the SingularityNET AI Marketplace.  A custom SEO agent named “SingularityNET Ambassador Program SEO Research Assistant” was developed with specific personas and responsibilities. This agent was designed to increase visibility and organic traffic to SingularityNET ambassador websites, with a focus on: keyword research, SEO content optimization, technical SEO insights, and backlink opportunities that align with the mission of the SingularityNET ecosystem. The AI Assistant targets a broad audience of developers, researchers, crypto enthusiasts, and AI advocates, with the aim of easing their onboarding and engagement in the ambassador program. The agent has been created and can be run directly on the site (actual agent). 
-   Ideation & Breakout: Other Agents for the Website :
- Meeting members suggest how SEO content should be created, added, and improved on the Agent AI Ambassador Program that has been created at https://asi1.ai/. AI agent creation proposed for ASI app to help onboard new ambassadors and provide program information. The AI agent will facilitate onboarding by providing real-time answers to common questions from new ambassadors. It will integrate with existing systems to showcase available tasks and opportunities within the ambassador program. Success stories content strategy developed featuring regional guilds like Latam Guild and African Guild showcasing ambassador achievements. Blog content should focus on completed projects and measurable progress rather than ongoing work to motivate new participants. Governance content suggested including breakdown of contentious issues like anonymity and abstentions rather than fixed manifestos. 
- Shareback: Agent Pitches. Onboarding AI agent concept discussed but requires further development in dedicated onboarding work group meeting. The onboarding AI agent concept aims to enhance user experience by providing tailored assistance during the onboarding process. Further development is needed to define the agent's persona and capabilities to effectively address user inquiries and guide them through the onboarding journey. Agent capabilities can be enhanced through AI Agent Voice platform with multiple agent integrations. Potential R&D proposal suggested for developing comprehensive onboarding AI agent with advanced capabilities.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Advance to document the next meeting [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 24 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Ambassador Website, AI Agent, ASI 1, SEO Researcher Agent
- **emotions:**  informative,  insightful, Educative


## Friday 18th July 2025


### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Clement Umoh [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, UKnowZork, Jeffrey Ndarake, advanceameyaw, Sucre n Spice, Alfred Itodele, CJFrankie
- **Purpose:** Bi-weekly meeting of the African guild 
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
Intro: The meeting began with Clement addressing the challenges posed by current budget constraints, which have made it difficult to sustain weekly sessions. Despite this, he highlighted the importance of staying committed to impactful initiatives, particularly the Afro Multilingual Drive Initiative a quarterly program dedicated to advancing AI literacy across African languages.

Highlights / Upcoming events
Afro Multilingual Drive Initiative (September Edition)
The focus for this quarter will be on protecting digital money, using a fictional story set in a Nairobi marketplace. The scenario involves a jewelry seller who uses mobile money (tentatively named M-Pesa) and is protected from fraud by an AI system called SingularityNet. This narrative will transition into an AI learning session on Fintech, cybersecurity, and financial inclusion within the African context. Clement noted that the previous editions have produced videos and storytelling scripts in Swahili, Hausa, and French. Clement invited participants, especially those involved in Fintech, cybersecurity, and finance, to share tools, concepts, or projects suitable for the initiative. He emphasized the inclusion of Afro-owned innovations and culturally relevant financial tools. While he expressed openness to prototyping new ideas and collaborating with R&D teams, Clement noted that current financial constraints may limit the scope of implementation. The event will be held on a Zoom call, and there's openness to increasing the reach and size of the audience.

Advance was invited to revisit and possibly present a previous project from Ethiopia involving AI and finance. He agreed to coordinate with Sam for a potential feature in the upcoming edition. Clement will follow up via DM to finalize details.


AOB: Jeffrey inquired about volunteer opportunities for the September event. Clement responded that volunteer coordination will be discussed in a dedicated planning session later. Clement concluded the meeting by thanking attendees and encouraging continued idea submissions via DM.



#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Digital Finance, Afro Multilingual Drive, AI Literacy, Cybersecurity, Fintech, Budget constraints
- **emotions:**  insightful, welcoming, progressive, relaxed, collaborative

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Ayo [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Gorga Siagian, photogee, Mikasa, advanceameyaw, Eric Davies, esewilliams, kenichi, CJFrankie, LordKizzy, Alfred Itodele, PeterE, Jeffrey Ndarake, kareem, Kateri, oep
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: Ayo opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming attendees and sharing the agenda for discussion. The group reviewed action items from the previous meeting.
- Initiative Planning and Team Formation: Lordkizzy presented the two main initiatives for Q3: scavenger hunt and podcast, emphasizing the importance of cost management and the need for strict KPIs for any future events. Photogee raised concerns about podcast equipment shortages and whether members with studios should handle production. Lordkizzy clarified that the operations team could assist and shared the budget—2,505 AGIX (~$750) per team per quarter. Photogee raised concerns about balanced discussion dynamics, suggesting all members should voice their perspectives before decision-making. Lordkizzy reinforced the non-hierarchical nature of the team, clarifying there were no designated leads and emphasizing self-organized collaboration as the expected working model. The team adopted a self-selection approach for group formation, Podcast team are: Ayo,Photogee,Kareem,Mikasa and Kenichi. while Scavenger hunt team are: Gorga,Kateri,CJ Frankie,Eric Davies. The team was advised to form subgroups and start discussions to prepare documentation ahead of the next meeting.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Advanceameyaw to provide updates on the Afro multilingual literacy drive next meeting. [**assignee**] advanceameyaw [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to copy the document and resolve the comments on the governance documents and share them with the group for final acceptance by next week. [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ayo to help CJFrankie get the Read AI meeting summary date [**assignee**] Ayo [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to have a call with Ayo to resolve the enduring action item in the summary note. [**assignee**] CJFrankie, Ayo [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ese Williams to reach out to Advance to confirm his interest in participating in the Scavenger Hunt initiative. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Participants to form subgroups and start communicating about their initiatives before the next meeting. [**assignee**] group members  [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Kenichi to make the Marketing Guild private core member channel and include Advanceameyaw and Martinsoki. [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Ese Williams to clean up the GitHub and restructure it for KPI tracking documentation. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 25 July 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Marketing Guild Distribution Structure, Podcast Intiative
- **emotions:** contributive,  Understanding.,  insightful