---
description: Mon 29th Jan - Sun 4th Feb
---

# Week 5

## Monday 29th January 2024

## Tuesday 30th January 2024



### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Judith, Tevo, Vanessa, Peter, Boaz, lord kizzy, Headelf, Curtis, Guillermo, Daniel, Kenichi, Sharon, Will Tatz
- Town Hall Number: 83

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=0s) Intro
[01:08](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=68s) What The Ambassador Program Is, And What We Do 
[WORKGROUP](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=NaNs) Updates
[02:58](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=178s) Archives Workgroup
[07:37](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=457s) Dework Pbl Workgroup
[16:40](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=1000s) Education Workgroup
[20:44](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=1244s) R&d Guild
[30:37](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=1837s) Bgi 24 Preparation
[49:10](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=2950s) Onboarding Workgroup
[51:28](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=3088s) Video Workgroup
[53:54](https://youtu.be/XXFG0A6Qakw?si=nLYpZlUU73vsw_aZ\&t=3234s) Writers Workgroup

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: BGI 2024 summit, meeting summary tool, transition from manual archiving to use of meeting summary tool, workgroup updates
- emotions: interesting, informative


## Wednesday 31st January 2024




### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: Headelf [host], Slate [documenter], Slate, devon, osmium, Headelf, malik, duke peter, Peter
- Purpose: ACP Video/Infographics and Setting Up Quizzes
#### Meeting Topics:
- ACP Quizzes discussion
- Slate's "TrueAGI" video 
- Feedback and further discussion 

#### Discussion Points:
- Headelf welcomed everyone and discussed the ACP quizzes system which were supposed to be set up 
- The one good point which was raised was by Duke Peter that whether or not to include repetitive questions in each spinoff projects. He also asked whether the question are going to be open book or not ? because if not then there might be some scenarios for cheating and answering questions by keeping the video and infographics infront of them to answer them.
- HeadElf replied to Duke concerns through an example that having open book exams are not that effective as its kind of a rat chase where people start to cram through everything they find which may or may not be useful and is not a good way to keep information in your mind.
- Slate said that his video on "True AGI" is completed he would like to show his video to everyone after approval of his request headelf screenshared his video which then everybody saw.
- Headelf sought opinions on the video's content and quality
- Everybody liked the video overall and were happy with the quality of the video
- Peter  pointed out a mistake in the video which was that "True AGi " was not invented by DR ben goertzel but rather was just popularized by him.
- Slate said that he will rectify the mistake and post the video on dework.
- HeadElf then shared the document for the SNet infographics and marked the one which are done as dark green and green for the ones which are assigned. He then assigned left infographics to the present particpants between (Malik,Osmium & Duke Peter). 
- HeadElf also notified that he has assigned some task for the app research for strategy guild, and would love everybody's participation and hard work for the reports.

#### Decision Items:
- Slate Video was approved 
  - [opposing] Change invented to popularized 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Assigned the rest of the infographics to the participants 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Work on the reports and the infographics  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 7 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Post the meeting summary  [assignee] Slate [due] 31 January 2024 [status] done
- [action] Fix the video and post it on dework  [assignee] Slate [due] 31 January 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Meeting Summaries, ACP, Videomaking, infographic, quizzes
- emotions: Collaborative, contructive criticism

### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- People present: Tevo [host], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Peter, Sucren, malik
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764575517374325&cot=10
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)

#### Agenda item 1 - Review Lessons - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Are there any other lessons we should have?
- What do we do with the Meeting Summary Lesson?
- How do we manage various Course Feedback?

#### Decision Items:
- The "Sentiment Analysis" Lesson is good enough
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The "Course Feedback" Lesson is good enough
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The "Outreaching Dework Tasks to wider Dework Community" Lesson is good enough
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] The "Feedback Loop" lesson will be slightly updated  [assignee] André [status] todo
- [action] Update Lesson Feedback Form with newly added lessons [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Feedback Form, Outreach, Error, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio
- emotions: The meeting was quick and progressive