---
description: Mon 8th Jan - Sun 14th Jan 2024
---

# Week 2

## Monday 8th January 2024

## Tuesday 9th January 2024

## Wednesday 10th January 2024

### Knowledge Base WorkGroup

#### Present:&#x20;

Tevo, Andre, Peter, Sharon

#### Purpose:

Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook&#x20;

#### Meeting notes:&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764570914407157\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM4tvNgs=/?moveToWidget=3458764570914407157\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### Meeting Video Summary:&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/r-2b8lT1lJI" %}

#### Dework Updates:&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/process-guild)

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) New Miro Board**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
\[decision] We are going to use the new Miro Board and discontinue adding Knowledge Base assets to the Administration Board

#### **2) Knowledge Base WG Proposal Review**&#x20;

**Discussion Points** \
Clarifying what is meant by items that the workgroup is working with went over the entire proposal \
Suggesting introducing a price fluctuation buffer for the entire Ambassador Program Suggestion to include unplanned budget and how it could affect budget fitting

**Decision items** \
\[decision] A proposal has to include the Quarter 1 budget request separately&#x20;

#### **3) Review and Analyze Items**&#x20;

**Discussion points** \
We worked on Process Guild items\
We tested Miro Board voting for making an async review and will continue to try it at the next meeting.

**Decision items** \
\[decision] Minimum Requirements for Proposals - Miroboard will be included in Ambassador  GitBook. \
\[decision]  Proposal Roadmap - Miroboard will be included in Ambassador GitBook.\
\[decision]  Ambassador Program Analysis - Miroboard will be included in Ambassador  GitBook. \
\[decision]  Facilitating Decision Making - Webpage will be included in Ambassador GitBook.

**Action items** \
\[action] Continue adding, formatting and analyzing workgroup items to the Miro Board.\
\[action] Archives WG has updated versions of different meeting summary examples. Find the new templates, copy and paste the Discord server tool to other workgroups and guilds once the item is organized&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics**\
Process Guild, Swarm, Decision Making models, proposal, onboarding, facilitating, analysis, roadmap, Ambassador Gitbook, Miro Board&#x20;

**Sources:**\
Knowledge Base WG Proposal [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit)&#x20;

New Knowledge Base WG Miro Board [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/)&#x20;

New Miro Board Intro Video [https://youtu.be/ElkqRd3O0tI](https://youtu.be/ElkqRd3O0tI)&#x20;

**How the meeting felt:**\
The meeting was constructive but we had to skip organizing time due to the proposal review taking more time than expected.

***

## Thursday 11th January 2024

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding WorkGroup</mark>

#### Present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-5771aa41-7fff-d91e-9917-61455218a7c8" id="docs-internal-guid-5771aa41-7fff-d91e-9917-61455218a7c8"></a>

Peter, Love \[Documenter], Sucre \[facilitator], Vani, Onyeka, CjFrankie, Slate.

#### In this meeting, we discussed:&#x20;

* Minutes from the last meeting.
* Action items from the last meeting&#x20;
* FAQ in the Getting Started Channel
* Next Onboarding Session&#x20;
* Onboarding Survey analysis&#x20;
* Continuous onboarding sessions with other WGs
* Budget for quarter 1 2024.
* Rotation for meeting facilitation
* Our next Ambassador TH Update

#### Decisions:

\[decision] We agreed to have two infographics to use interchangeably while making Twitter posts on Getting Started with the SNET Ambassador program \
\[decision] We agreed to contactthe remaining WGs concerning the continuous onboarding process, so we can write a comprehensive assessment/report.\
\[decision] We agreed to do an onboarding session on the 8th of February 2024 and reassess when to have the next one.

#### Action items:&#x20;

\[action] Lady Tempest, and Lord Kizzy to create infographics for the Getting Started Twitter thread.\
\[action] Vani to speak to Guillermo about the continuous onboarding process.\
\[action] Peter to speak to Tommy on continuous onboarding. \
\[action] Vani and Sucre to add a link to the doc on creating a wallet in the FAQ part of the Getting Started channel.\
\[action] Vani to share the onboarding survey analysis with everyone in Discord.\
\[action] Vani to prepare slides for the onboarding session.\
\[action] Slate and CjFrankie to create an infographic to announce the onboarding session on the 8th of February.\
\[action] Sucre to do a roster on meeting facilitation for new members.\
\[action] Lady Tempest to create a resource based on our Continuous Onboarding sessions, with ideas for how WGs can support continuous onboarding.

#### Learning points:&#x20;

It's best to hear from Treasury Guild before concluding the budget for quarter 1, 2024.

Workgroup updates at Town Hall will now be on the last week of the month only - although there will be a 5 min shout-out space each week for those who have something important to say.

#### To carry over for the next meeting:

Discussion with Guillermo, and the idea of Onboarding WG meeting with the new R\&D Guild, cos there are apparently lots of crossovers in what we are doing.

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered:** \
Continuous Onboarding, Getting Started, Budget, TH Update, Workgroups, Survey, Report, R\&D Guild.

**Sources:** \
none

**How the meeting felt:** \
Funny, Contributive, Thoughtful, Interesting.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

#### **Present:**&#x20;

Tevo, André, Peter, Guillermo, Vanessa, Rojo, Headelf&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764574789417387\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764574789417387\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)&#x20;

#### **Meeting Summary Video:**&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/2SJKZPUGvfE" %}
Video summary of Treasury Guild meeting on 11th Jan 2024
{% endembed %}

#### **Full meeting Video:**&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/DSHk5IVuBJE" %}
Video of full meeting, Treasury Guild on 11th Jan 2024
{% endembed %}

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) Workgroup Proposal Requirements**&#x20;

**Discussion points** \
Proposal benefits and downsides\
Alternative options for smaller proposals \
quarterly budget expectations and relations \
Treasury Guild proposal \
Proposal Templates \
When were Proposal requirements introduced?

**Decision items** \
\[decision] Established workgroups don't have to have a workgroup proposal. However many participants feel this will make workgroups inefficient in onboarding and less transparent.

**Action items** \
\[action] Prepare rules around how requests can be challenged and why.&#x20;

#### **2) Treasury Budget policy**&#x20;

**Discussion points** \
Workgroups should include unplanned budget

**Decision items** \
\[decision] Establish a 10% fluctuation risk buffer from reserve (quarterly) \
\[decision] Use reserved AGIX for staking&#x20;

**Action items** \
\[action] Agree on additional policy rules that affect the unplanned budget separately \
\[action] Create a new wallet for AGIX staking &#x20;

#### **3) Treasury Manager update**

**Discussion points** \
We can now import clockify csv files&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics**\
Miro Board, proposals, minimum requirements, transparency, accountability, budgets, bureaucracy, rules&#x20;

**Sources:**\
Workgroup Space Proposal Template [https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MpdSrOkzrKNcvlBwhO4VblKMVlWqSKkXd0jQiPm9Vw/edit#heading=h.67650gpeboqe](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MpdSrOkzrKNcvlBwhO4VblKMVlWqSKkXd0jQiPm9Vw/edit#heading=h.67650gpeboqe)&#x20;

Program Proposal Template - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZEFCwqVGtByRPlQeM91Grg1\_OammV2DFB1xz78ascgY/edit#heading=h.67650gpeboqe](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZEFCwqVGtByRPlQeM91Grg1\_OammV2DFB1xz78ascgY/edit#heading=h.67650gpeboqe)

New idea Requirements and requirement comparison matrix - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrQg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562443714715\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrQg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562443714715\&cot=10)&#x20;

Treasury Guild Q1 Proposal - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc\_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5\_KGdrx60TG9w/edit#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc\_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5\_KGdrx60TG9w/edit#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028)

Research & Development Guild Proposal - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PNd2LwMJSZw38w\_G8vAph20pTWmjT62bcYmiEUB0ve8/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PNd2LwMJSZw38w\_G8vAph20pTWmjT62bcYmiEUB0ve8/edit)&#x20;

**How the meeting felt:**\
We had quite a tension because there were several opposing opinions on how should improve our Ambassador Program Workgroups and budgeting requirements.

***

## Friday 12th January 2024

### <mark style="color:green;">Video WorkGroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Rojo \[facilitator], Judith \[documenter], Lord\_kizzy, Malik, DevonHardy, lilycupcake, Slate, Tuso, cardano\_class, Iamgorgasiagian, Sf4015

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

The overall purpose of the meeting was to go over the new budget, the new workgroup operations strategy and to assign members to recurring tasks for the next month until they will rotate.

Rojo shared the page on the Ambassador GitBook with the information on all tasks that need to be done on a regular basis in the workgroup. The page outlined what each recurring task is and how that task should be done [https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup](https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup)

Rojo shared information on usual tasks eg. ‘Make a clip’ or ‘Make a video’: The criteria and guidelines for those tasks are always outlined in Dework.

Discussed the difference and definition of ‘Members’ vs. ‘Senior Members’. Members: Should participate in meetings, votes and clip editing. Senior Members: 1 month as a member with at least 20 hours of tasks completed.

Discussed recurring tasks and voted who will be in charge of which task over the next 4 weeks. Recurring tasks were distributed only among members present in the voice channel. For every task, people indicated their interest, then 1 member was selected to assume the role for the next month.

Discussed that recurring tasks will have no description on Dework but a link to Ambassador Gitbook.

Went over the new Video Workgroup Budget Proposal Sheet made by Rojo which outlines the rewards for recurring tasks and video projects [https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup/structure-and-governance/quartely-budget](https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup/structure-and-governance/quartely-budget)

Talked about the onboarding process: people interested in joining the video workgroup will be directed towards a task on Dework with several subtasks

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] Recurring tasks need level of seniority (can only be done by Senior Members)\
\[decision]  For the next months recurring tasks will be done as follows. Task management: Devon Hardy. Weekly meeting facilitation + preparation + documentation: Rojo. Weekly meeting summaries: Judith. Social Media Management: Malik. Town Hall editing: Tuso. Town Hall Summary editing: Lilycupcake\
\[decision] Members are considered people who participate in meetings, votes and clip editing\
\[decision] Senior Members are considered people who have spent 1 month as a member in the workgroup with at least 20 hours of tasks completed

#### Action items

\[action] Will need to figure out permissions for social media soon, maybe on Monday\
\[action] Members to be responsible for their newly selected recurring tasks immediately for the duration of 1 month

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered**\
Gitbook, Recurring Tasks, Task Assignment, Senior Member, Roles.

**Sources:**

Video workgroup's Carrd: [https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/](https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/)\
Video workgroup on Ambassador GitBook: [https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup](https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup)\
Quarterly budget on Ambassador GitBook: [https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup/structure-and-governance/quartely-budget](https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup/structure-and-governance/quartely-budget)

**How the meeting felt:** \
Fun, Exciting, Collaborative, Productive

***

## Saturday 13th January 2024
