---
description: Mon 15th Jan - Sun 21st Jan 2024
---

# Week 3

## Monday 15th January 2024

## Tuesday 16th January 2024

### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], Peter, Judith, Curtis, Emotu, Julian, Maurus, Tevo, Walter, Will Tatz
- Town Hall Number: 81

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/BUtgyPKmd7k?si=K1XmCRyizh_JcNt9" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/BUtgyPKmd7k?si=K1XmCRyizh_JcNt9\&t=0s) Intro; What The Ambassador Program Is About
[12:00](https://youtu.be/BUtgyPKmd7k?si=K1XmCRyizh_JcNt9\&t=720s) Ambassador Role Definition 
[30:33](https://youtu.be/BUtgyPKmd7k?si=K1XmCRyizh_JcNt9\&t=1833s) Participation And Proof Of Humanity
[34:55](https://youtu.be/BUtgyPKmd7k?si=K1XmCRyizh_JcNt9\&t=2095s) Transparency, And Defining Roles And Responsibilities 
[41:47](https://youtu.be/BUtgyPKmd7k?si=K1XmCRyizh_JcNt9\&t=2507s) How Long To Run The Suggested Experiment?
[46:10](https://youtu.be/BUtgyPKmd7k?si=K1XmCRyizh_JcNt9\&t=2770s) Which 5 People Will Attend Bgi 24 Summit? And Future Events?

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: BGI 2024 summit, representation, Rewards, roles and levels, the Ambassador role, governance experiments, experiment
- emotions: interesting, informative, enthusiastic


## Wednesday 17th January 2024

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL WorkGroup</mark>

#### **Present:**&#x20;

Tevo, Andre, Peter, Malik&#x20;

#### **Purpose:**&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764575517531716\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764575517531716\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Dework Updates:**&#x20;

[https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/dework-pbl-workgroup)&#x20;

#### **Agenda**

#### **1) PBL Lesson leviews**&#x20;

**Decision items** \
\[decision] "Custom Task Management Features" lesson is now good enough \
\[decision] "Permission" Lesson is now good enough&#x20;

#### **2) Dework PBL structure**&#x20;

**Discussion points** \
Publishing Assignment does not work, how do we proceed? \
We have multiple feedback lessons, how do we introduce them in the course? \
What might we be missing from the course?&#x20;

**Decision items** \
\[decision]We will remove Assignment pages due to technical difficulties \
\[decision] We will mention feedback lessons at the earliest possible moment in the course

**Action items** \
\[action] Hide all assignment lessons and Andamio onboarding lesson - Tevo \
\[action] Create a new onboarding lesson, "Feedback Loop" - André\
\[action] Create a new specializing lesson "Outreaching Dework Tasks to wider Dework Community" - Malik \
\[action] Update PBL structure with new lessons - Tevo&#x20;

**3) Andamio technical errors**

**Discussion points** \
Alternative ways to sequence due its problem of ordering by string value \
Assignment Publishing is not working. \
We went over multiple completed and ongoing technical updates&#x20;

**Decision items** \
\[decision] We no longer require a menu item for the Feedback link \
\[decision] Due to difficult feature requirements and cost we no longer expect lesson links to open in new tabs \
\[decision] We no longer expect page breaks due to a small impact compared to the cost of the feature&#x20;

**Action items** \
\[action] We check if we are able to improve the Next Lesson button \
\[action] Name ourselves - André&#x20;

#### **4) Workgroup Proposal**&#x20;

**Discussion points** \
What activities do we have left to do to complete Dework PBL?&#x20;

**Decision items** \
\[decision] We request 4000 AGIX to complete Dework PBL&#x20;

#### **Keywords**&#x20;

**Topics:**\
Treasury Manager Excel, Date Formats, Assignments, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio Custom Task Management Features&#x20;

**Sources:**\
Lesson - [https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/301/3015](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/301/3015) \
Permissions Lesson - [https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/201/2016](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/201/2016)\
Dework PBL Technical Requests - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1peYOJ9oC60hU1L70xR9mwb9LJwPqESXInIV5NjTcaqo/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1peYOJ9oC60hU1L70xR9mwb9LJwPqESXInIV5NjTcaqo/edit?usp=sharing) \
Dework PBL Workgroup Proposal - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit?usp=sharing)&#x20;

**How the meeting felt:**\
The meeting was progressive. We were able to onboard a new person.

***

## Thursday 18th January 2024

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding WorkGroup</mark>

#### Present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-b44c3241-7fff-0192-7bf0-a71159ff8344" id="docs-internal-guid-b44c3241-7fff-0192-7bf0-a71159ff8344"></a>

Vani & Sucre \[Facilitators], Love \[Documenter], Peter, Duke, Onyeka, CjFrankie, Emotu, Slate.

#### In this meeting, we discussed:&#x20;

* Minutes from the last meeting.
* Action items from the last meeting
* Getting Started document/channel&#x20;
* Continuous Onboarding Sessions
* Automating onboarding work&#x20;
* SingularityNET Ambassador Onboarding session slides
* Budget for the quarter 1, 2024
* Roster for facilitating and documenting meetings

#### Decisions:

\[decision] We agreed to get more information on the Research and Development (R\&D) Guild and add it to the Getting Started Channel.\
\[decision]  We agreed to calculate our budget for quarter 1, 2024 on USD value.

#### Action items:&#x20;

\[action] Sucre, Lady Tempestt, and Vani to have a continuous onboarding session with Tevo Of Knowledge Base WG on 24th January.\
\[action] CjFrankie and Slate to post their graphics in Discord to announce the onboarding session on 8th February on Discord.\
\[action] Sucre to work on the budget for quarter 1, 2024, and get it ready before the next treasury meeting.\
\[action] Vani to tweak the onboarding session slides as agreed in this meeting.\
\[action] Sucre to do a roster on meeting facilitation and documentation for new members.

#### Learning points:&#x20;

none

#### To carry over for the next meeting:

Comments on our budget sheet: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit)

Discussion with Guillermo, and the idea of Onboarding WG meeting with R\&D Guild

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered:** \
Continuous Onboarding, Getting Started, Budgeting, Onboarding session slides, R\&D Guild

**Sources:**&#x20;

Budget sheet [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit?usp=sharing)

Slides for Onboarding session [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xsOPL2exA-1-BfKWk2eKdxjpfRt6kwW\_nFWBPq-KzEg/mobilepresent?slide=id.p](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xsOPL2exA-1-BfKWk2eKdxjpfRt6kwW\_nFWBPq-KzEg/mobilepresent?slide=id.p)

**How the meeting felt:** \
Funny, Contributive, Thoughtful, Interesting.

***

## Friday 19th January 2024

### <mark style="color:green;">Video WorkGroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Rojo \[facilitator], Judith \[documenter], cardano\_class, DevonHardy, Dr Strange, Duke, Lord\_kizzy., Malik, Peter E, Slate

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

* Upcoming BGI summit in Panama and how to apply to go in person
* Recurring task ‘Task Management’ will require training for Devon who is in charge this month
* Recurring Task ‘Social Media Management’ will require an onboarding call : Malik who is in charge this months needs credentials&#x20;
* Rojo asked Malik about the onboarding quiz
* Who will do Q1 workgroup projections/ Quarterly Budget proposal? Needs to be done with help of Gitbook content folder and data from several sheets
* Who will do the Q4 workgroup summary?
* How to submit Video Workgroup summaries via the archiving tool and the benefits of using the tool (automation)
* How monthly tasks will be recorded in Dework with weekly subtasks and tasks points, and how they will be added at the end of the months
* When tasks will be paid
* Who will do the video workgroup update during Ambassador's Town Hall meeting? Who will present and who will contribute to the presentation?
* Welcoming Dr Strange and informing him how to apply as a new member if he is interested

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] Workgroup members in charge of Social Media Management and Task Management need extra training (Malik and Devon)\
\[decision]  Q1 workgroup projections/ Quarterly Budget proposal needs to be done by next Tuesday, tasks on Dework will be added immediately - Judith is in charge - task needs to be added immediately on Dework (Devon)\
\[decision] Q4 workgroup summary needs to be done by next Tuesday -  tasks on Dework will be added immediately - Lord Kizzy is in charge - tasks need to be added immediately (Devon)\
\[decision] Video Workgroup meeting summaries should be submitted via new archiving tool, they will automatically be posted in #meeting-summaries in Discord - Judith is in charge (January)\
\[decision] Meeting attendance needs to be added on Dework for Jan 12th meeting\
\[decision]  Lord Kizzy will send his clip to be reviewed by the group by the end of the day\
\[decision] Priority for video edits will be given to people without recurring tasks for the month\
\[decision] Recurring Tasks on Dework will be added for the whole month, then weekly subtasks will be added (Title, hyphen, date)\
\[decision] Recurring tasks will be paid at the end of the month once all weekly subtasks are added and submitted&#x20;

#### Action items

\[action] Rojo to have a call with Malik for Social Media Credentials\
\[action] Rojo to provide more training for Devon (Task Management)\
\[action] Devon to create the Dework tasks for the Q4/Q1 workgroup update\
\[action] Lord kizzy to write Q4  update\
\[action] Judith to write Q1 projections (Rojo can help re: numbers)\
\[action] Judith to add weekly summary via new archiving page\
\[action] Devon to add task for ‘meeting attendance’ on Dework (last and current meeting)\
\[action] Lord kizzy to send his clip in the workgroup for review

#### Keywords: (use as many as you like for each heading)

**Topics covered**\
Q1 budget, Q1 workgroup projections, Q4 workgroup update, Social Media Management, Task Management, BGI, Ambassadors Town Hall workgroup update, Archiving, Dework, Payment&#x20;

Sources:\
[https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/](https://vw-snetambassadors.carrd.co/)

[https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup](https://snet-ambassadors.gitbook.io/home/workgroups/video-workgroup)

***

## Saturday 20th January 2024

### <mark style="color:green;">Gamers' Guild</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Slate \[facilitator], Malik, DevonHardy \[documenter], Hufiumer69, Rebel, Flynn, Sanigasi, Dr Strange

#### Summary:

The meeting successfully combined a gaming session with productive discussions on agenda items, addressing issues, and planning future collaborations. Participants left with enthusiasm for upcoming gaming sessions and potential developments in the Singularitynet Ambassador Program on Roblox.

#### 1) Gaming Session:

* Slate welcomed everyone and initiated a complimentary gaming session.
* Divided the meeting into two parts: gaming and agenda discussion.
* Started the game Land.IO with defined rules.

#### 2) Agenda Discussion:

* Shared the agenda items: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pnYtAiP0Xn-4UMKTal7QTBxs-0pYcxrx7JAvd2FRQRQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pnYtAiP0Xn-4UMKTal7QTBxs-0pYcxrx7JAvd2FRQRQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* Discussed payment process issues from the previous week.
* Addressed two flagged tasks:
  * Leaderboard Update: The transparency issue was resolved; with the sharing of Google spreadsheet [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TeaboH2lMPRniTfqhDYnVjPHH8OnTWvUxTSaameevo0/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TeaboH2lMPRniTfqhDYnVjPHH8OnTWvUxTSaameevo0/edit?usp=sharing) and the sharing of KeepTheScore website links [https://keepthescore.com/board/phssttqbrgkdr/](https://keepthescore.com/board/phssttqbrgkdr/) There was a suggestion for a dedicated leaderboard website for the SingularityNet Ambassador Program with our branding.
  * Games Testing and Preparation: Members discussed the reward and effort; most felt the amount justified the work. Now it will be recorded with the amount of hours put.

#### 3) Sophiaverse on Roblox:

* Malik briefed on "Sophiaverse on Roblox," bridging metaverses into Roblox.
* Sentience UGC Quest: [https://www.roblox.com/games/15763459700/Sentience-UGC-Quest](https://www.roblox.com/games/15763459700/Sentience-UGC-Quest)
* Sophiaverse Roblox Group: [https://www.roblox.com/groups/33476398/Sentience-Quest#!/about](https://www.roblox.com/groups/33476398/Sentience-Quest#!/about)
* Discussed the Roblox group and the ongoing development of the experience.
* Slate asked participants for their suggestions on how we can collaborate with Sophiaverse on this.&#x20;

#### 4) Collaboration with Sophiaverse

* Suggestions for collaboration:
  * Testing the experience
  * Collaborative development
  * Promotion
  * Generative AI for scripts

#### 5) New game showcase:

* Slate showcased a combat game for the next session on Roblox, which was built by him. [https://www.roblox.com/games/16022628096/Gamers-Guild-Session-9-Game](https://www.roblox.com/games/16022628096/Gamers-Guild-Session-9-Game) The game will remain private for some time.&#x20;
* Participants expressed excitement and admiration for the game's design.

#### 6) Singularitynet Ambassador Program on Roblox:

* Proposed integrating the program on Roblox.
* Participants liked the idea; Hufiumer69 volunteered to create a proposal.
* The "Gamers" role will be introduced for effective communication and session reminders.

#### 7) Next session preparation:

* Participants were encouraged to download Roblox for the upcoming combat game session.

#### 8) Closing:

* Members expressed anticipation for the next session and the proposed Roblox integration.
* Slate thanked everyone for their input and participation

***
