---
description: Mon 22nd Jan - Sun 28th Jan 2024
---

# Week 4

## Monday 22nd January 2024

## Tuesday 23rd January 2024



### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Peter [facilitator], Vanessa [documenter], André, Emotu, Eric, Judith, Tevo, Vanessa, WaKa, Will Tatz, Peter, Boaz, Musonda Bemba, Rojo, lord kizzy, Headelf, Curtis, Vasu
- Town Hall Number: 82

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 19:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=0s) Intro
[01:58](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=118s) Who Will Be Attending The Bgi 24 Summit 
[09:46](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=586s) Meeting Summary Tool
[14:18](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=858s) What Cool Things Will The Tool Enable Us To Do Next 
[15:27](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=927s) How The Tool Works
[37:15](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=2235s) Useful Documentation And Tracking Decisions
[44:21](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=2661s) The Ambassador Role Experiment
[47:13](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=2833s) Who's Tracking Time?
[53:31](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=3211s) Any Strong Objections To Using Governance Workgroup Meetings To Discuss Further?
[54:21](https://youtu.be/V-2Mm4NZHeM?si=Innw0nuh6HSNsTLU\&t=3261s) Mental Wellbeing


#### Slides:
{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1U4HDfWaxvphqY77yz7bwus8jceuy9e9pyhJJr_hFtvI/edit?usp=sharing" %}

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: BGI 2024 summit, meeting summary tool, the Ambassador role, roles and levels, mental wellbeing, mental health, useful documentation, what data to capture to assign ambassador role, the human touch, transition from manual archiving to use of meeting summary tool
- emotions: curious, questioning, resistant to change, data driven


## Wednesday 24th January 2024



### Knowledge Base Workgroup

* Type of meeting: Biweekly
* People present: Tevo \[host], Tevo \[documenter], Tevo, Shankar, Vanessa, Peter, André, love, Slate, Jade, Emotu, Sucren, Friday, Anthony, devon
* Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
* Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764574355478962\&cot=10
* Working Docs:
  * [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Continues Onboarding - \[resolved]

#### Discussion Points:

* How new people are introduced?
* How are participants encouraged to learn how to engage in and about workgroup activities?
* Information that is available to learn about workgroup
* How do new people become workgroup members?
* potential causes of low retention rate of contributors

#### Decision Items:

* Before doing public onboarding, we need clear entry-level tasks
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* Go through participant task in the call to make sure we are able to recognize new participants in Dework
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:

* \[action] Create an onboarding feedback form that is mainly meant for new members \[assignee] Tevo \[status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Introduction to Knowledge Base Workgroup - \[resolved]

#### Discussion Points:

* Went over the Resource planning process
* Share examples of the task outputs
* Explained rewards for different tasks

#### Agenda item 3 - Reviewed Onboarding Items - \[carry over]

#### Discussion Points:

* Should Ambassador Program Onboarding Analysis be part of GitBook?
* Should the Getting Started Google Doc version be available in GitBook?
* The goal of an Ambassador GitBook: Should it be for resource management, How it related to Onboarding, What type of knowledge it should include

#### Decision Items:

* Include "Onboarding WG report Q4 2023 - Google Doc" in GitBook
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:

* topics covered: Onboarding, Getting Started, Video Script, Analysis, Proposal, Introduction, Feedback Form, Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board
* emotions: This session had a lot of new members and we needed to slow down a lot to get people introduced into workgroup
* other: Onboarding WG Quarterly Report - https://docs.google.com/document/d/173UxTc38LhXwR6QuJCKpH9CivgMCQhL4jZZXoMOw-nM/edit#heading=h.ybfi2uikflvv, Ambassador Program Onboarding Analysis - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1buAkowcI\_kEbycPd\_U6nkJeAeryOwYb\_o9Nt18dKozc/edit#heading=h.c3dwzdvtnpi1, Ambassador Program Getting Started guide - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit#heading=h.xtpvv9xicqnq, Onboarding Workgroup Miro Board - https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/?moveToWidget=3458764576645510044\&cot=14

### Education Workgroup

* Type of meeting: Weekly
* People present: Headelf \[host], Slate \[documenter], Slate, devon, osmium, esewilliams, Rojo, Headelf
* Purpose: ACP

#### Meeting Topics:

* Introduction and Tool Discussion
* Scribe Appointment - Slate
* Slate's Video for ACP
* Infographic on SingularityDAO by Devon

#### Discussion Points:

* Headelf welcomed everyone and discussed the archive tool presented by the workgroup.
* Identified challenges in using the tool for meeting notes due to specific sections.
* Proposed the role of a scribe to document meeting summaries in the archive tool.
* Slate volunteered for the scribe role, having participated in the tool's beta testing
* Slate showcased a video on the "Sophiaverse" spin-off project
* Headelf sought opinions on the video's content and quality
* Positive feedback received; video praised as the best in ACP so far
* Devon presented an infographic, discussed its target audience, and raised concerns about design consistency

#### Decision Items:

* Slate appointed as the scribe
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* Agreed on a payment of $20USD per meeting, subject to change based on time spent
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* Suggestions for improvement: Add more subtitles
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* Adjust infographic to target the ambassador audience
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* Maintain standard color scheme; avoid copying and pasting text
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:

* \[action] Opened a position for a scribe. \[assignee] Slate \[due] 24 January 2024 \[status] done
* \[action] Consider adding subtitles using YouTube's autogenerated feature \[assignee] Slate \[due] 31 January 2024 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Explore the video's potential for marketing efforts \[assignee] Slate \[due] 31 January 2024 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Devon to revise the infographic as per feedback \[assignee] devon \[due] 31 January 2024 \[status] in progress

#### Keywords/tags:

* topics covered: Meeting Summaries, ACP, Videomaking, infographic
* emotions: Collaborative

### R\&D Guild

#### Present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-99a779f7-7fff-188f-f5f0-57916f8b2f02" id="docs-internal-guid-99a779f7-7fff-188f-f5f0-57916f8b2f02"></a>

Rojo \[facilitator], Guillermo \[documenter], Ubio, Curtis, Vasu, Duke, WaKa

#### In this meeting we discussed:&#x20;

The overall purpose of the meeting was to go over the new R\&D Guild proposal, the new workgroup operations strategy, and fundamentals for the governance system for the guild.&#x20;

* Discussed the difference and definition of Resaerch, Ideation and Development, and the potential scope of the Guild in relation to ambassadors' needs, and how to approach the different guilds and WorkGroups for further actions.
* We continued with the discussion that began in the guild Discord chat about the possible segregation or not into two independent bodies, advantages and disadvantages. The members will present their positions and arguments.
* WaKa: I envision \*\*Innovation\*\* \[ex-Incubation] providing a range of services to other Ambassador units, according to their needs and our capabilities. These will eventually include analysis of wants and needs, identifying processes, features and benefits, crafting designs and executing development, organizing testing, deployment, training, and support. Ambassador program has a very specific charter and a fixed budget, in most ways separate organization from a dozen and a half projects and organizations under the sNET umbrella. To me, a Guild formed within Ambassadors and applying its budget has an obligation to focus on executing a definitive segment of the overall organizational vision and plan. Providing services according to the needs and the timelines of other groups, while tapping into their budgets, is best delivered by a separate unit, perhaps a financially self-sufficient WorkGroup. Without a clear separation, I do not see bringing more external business or recruiting specific skill sets, as those may not align with Ambassadors' mandate and plan."
* Rojo: The R\&D initiative is funded based on projects according to the sheet we agreed upon. That means that the ambassador program is funding specific projects with clear outcomes and use cases. Any external endowment, if agreed upon, will also be funding a specific project. Therefore, double rewarding for the same work, or making use of ambassador funds for other entities, cannot happen under this paradigm."
* Discussed the different governance systems. For the selection of the proposals to be developed according to the available budget, the possibility of involving the different guilds in the selection was discussed, thus establishing a priority according to the needs of the group.&#x20;
* Discussed the possibility of voting among guild members.

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] Guild members agreed that it is beneficial for the whole to maintain the unity of the guild and evaluate reincorporating the 'ideation' functionality as a service for the other guilds and workgroups. This completes the circle with the total capacity of Research, Ideation and Development.

\[decision] The use of a template for the standardization of the guild’s proposal submission processes was discussed and approved.

\[decision] TBD Final schedule and time slot for guilds weekly meeting.

\[decision] Next step will be to analyze the team's proposals. To date, we have 10 proposals or ideas in a state of ideation; some of them have the backup of research and a blueprint, and others are just ideas for potential developments that the different members of the team have developed and shared in the initial document that we have reviewed in this session and will share tomorrow with the Treasury Guild. Proposals' names and descriptions can be found in the GR\&D Guilds Proposal: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PNd2LwMJSZw38w\_G8vAph20pTWmjT62bcYmiEUB0ve8/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PNd2LwMJSZw38w\_G8vAph20pTWmjT62bcYmiEUB0ve8/edit)

#### Action items

none

#### Keywords:&#x20;

**Topics covered:**\
Teamwork, deliverables, respect, scope, flow, tooling, results, trust

**Sources**\
Research & Development Guild Presentation \_ @SingularityNET Ambassador \_090124 [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MVHXfjQDAafVFPwduLam4anMnHx0b8cUE8W08uniHrs/edit#slide=id.g2ad24b6b863\_0\_2](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MVHXfjQDAafVFPwduLam4anMnHx0b8cUE8W08uniHrs/edit#slide=id.g2ad24b6b863\_0\_2)

Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet \_ 100124: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RB7XBd393xGxpBg7ZuYQKyMIaGp18oevVDddW6vbcXo/edit#gid=1248558897](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RB7XBd393xGxpBg7ZuYQKyMIaGp18oevVDddW6vbcXo/edit#gid=1248558897)

**How the meeting felt:** \
Fun, Exciting, Collaborative, Productive

**Other** We miss Fly!


### Archival Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- Present: Stephen [facilitator], Stephen [documenter], André, Vanessa, Stephen, Peter, Slate, Onyeka, Vasu
- Meeting video: [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXmEiJGWPbI&list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- Working Docs:
  - [Meeting Issue](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/95)

#### Action Items:
- [action] Bring to next meeting a list of things that should be included in Governance GitBook update [assignee] Vanessa [due] 7 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Manually finish archiving all summaries from Nov and Dec 2023, and close the issues for those months so that fund request can be submitted [assignee] Vanessa [due] 7 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Once November and December 2023 are archived, submit funding requests for those months, and close Q4 2023 Budget issue [assignee] Stephen [due] 21 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Add bounties to Dework for 4 bounties: 1) Meeting publicity, 2) General Archives publicity; 3) Chasing meeting summaries; 4) Updates to Ambassador GitBook [assignee] Vanessa, Stephen [due] 26 January 2024 [status] done
- [action] Draft an approach, with budget, for the Tag Taxonomy work, ready for next meeting on 7th Feb [assignee] Vanessa [due] 7 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Contact Ubio with brief for his work on LLM tooling [assignee] André [due] 31 January 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Core Archives team to meet with Supervisory Council re knowledge management on Fri 26th Jan [assignee] Stephen, Vanessa, André [due] 31 January 2024 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Tag taxonomy, bounties, monthly archiving, publicity, meeting summary tool, Tool Development, AI tooling, Governance GitBook, mentorship, transition from manual archiving to use of meeting summary tool, Outreach, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem
- emotions: Organised, Discursive, Well-attended, outward-looking



### Research and Development Guild

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Rojo, Guillermo [facilitator], Guillermo [documenter], Curtis, Vasu, Duke, WaKa, Ubiodee
- Purpose: R&D Purpose & Proposal 
- Working Docs:
  - [Research & Development Guild Presentation _ @SingularityNET Ambassador _090124](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MVHXfjQDAafVFPwduLam4anMnHx0b8cUE8W08uniHrs/edit#slide=id.g2ad24b6b863_0_2)
  - [Research & Development Guild Budget Proposals Sheet _ 100124](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RB7XBd393xGxpBg7ZuYQKyMIaGp18oevVDddW6vbcXo/edit#gid=1248558897)

#### Agenda Items:
- The overall purpose of the meeting was to go over the new R&D Guild proposal, the new workgroup operations strategy. Fundamentals for the governance system for the guild.

#### Discussion Points:
- -Discussed the difference and definition of Resaerch, Ideation and Developemnt and the potential scope of the guild in regards of ambassadors needs and on how to approach the differente guild and groups for further actions.
- - We continue with the discussion that began in the guild chat about the possible segregation or not into two independent bodies, advantages and disadvantages. The members will present their positions and arguments.
- Walter; I envision **Innovation** [ex-Incubation] providing a range of services to other Ambassador units, according to their needs and our capabilities. These will eventually include analysis of wants and needs, identifying processes, features and benefits, crafting designs and executing development, organizing testing, deployment, training, and support.
- Ambassador has a very specific charter and a fixed budget, in most ways separate organization from a dozen and a half projects and organizations under the sNET umbrella. To me, a Guild formed within Ambassadors and applying its budget has an obligation to focus on executing a definitive segment of the overall organizational vision and plan.  Providing services according to the needs and the timelines of other groups, while tapping into their budgets, is best delivered by a separate unit, perhaps a financially self-sufficient Workgroup. Without a clear separation, I do not see bringing more external business or recruiting specific skill sets, as those may not align with Ambassadors mandate and plan.
- Rojo: The R&D initiative is funded based on projects according to the sheet we agreed upon. That means that the ambassador program is funding specific projects with clear outcomes and use cases. Any external endowment if agreed upon will also be funding a specific project. Therefore double rewarding for the same work, or making use of ambassador funds for other entities cannot happen under this paradigm.
- - The use of a template for the standardization of the guild’s proposal submission processes was discussed and approved.
- - Discussed the different governance system For the selection of the proposals to be developed according to the available budget, the possibility of involving the different guilds in the selection was discussed, thus establishing a priority according to the need of the group. The possibility of voting among guild members.

#### Decision Items:
- - Guild members agreed that it is beneficial for the whole to maintain the unity of the guild and evaluate reincorporating the 'ideation' functionality as a service for the other guilds and WG. This completes the circle with the total capacity of Reasearch, ideation and development.
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- - TBD Final schedule and time slot for guilds weekly meeting
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Next step will be to analyze the team's proposals. to this day we have 10 proposals or ideas in a state of ideation, some of them have the backup of a research and blue print and others are just ideas of potential developments that the different members of the team have developed and shared in the initial document that we have reviewed in this session and will share tomorrow with the tresury guild. Proposals name and description can be found at the GR&D Guilds Propposal. [assignee] Rojo, Guillermo [due] 31 January 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Budget , Onboarding, Roles, Tool Development, Proposal, Q1 projections
- emotions: Collaborative


## Thursday 25th January 2024

### Treasury Guild

* Type of meeting: Biweekly
* People present: Tevo \[host], Tevo \[documenter], Tevo, André, Miro, Emotu, Vanessa, Peter, Rojo, William, Headelf, Guilermo, Sucren
* Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
* Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764574789806585\&cot=10
* Transcript: https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240
* Working Docs:
  * [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  * [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc\_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5\_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Differentiating long-term (core) contributors - \[carry over]

#### Discussion Points:

* Default System Criteria to recognise Core Contributors
* Additional options to become a Core contributor
* Downsides of differentiating Core contributors

#### Decision Items:

* Core Contributors can also be nominated
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
* Core Contributors will have a higher weight in the decisions
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
* Policy Rules are ratified in the Governance Workgroup
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 2 - Staking AGIX - \[resolved]

#### Discussion Points:

* Ethical concerns
* Education on Staking AGIX
* Social effect when staking AGIX
* How AGIX staking works and its purpose

#### Decision Items:

* Currently, we will not start staking Ambassador Program Reserved AGIX due to ethical concerns
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 3 - 2024 Treasury Budget Quarter 1 - \[carry over]

#### Discussion Points:

* How could we lower our budget requests to fit the Ambassador Budget?
* How could we improve the Ambassador Program Quarterly Budget Sheet?

#### Decision Items:

* Move back to create proposals and budget requests in stable values (USD) and AGIX conversion applied at the ambassador program budget level
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
* We will not include a budget for new ideas and potential experiments in Quarter 1
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:

* \[action] Include a new column that links to budget proposals to the Ambassador Program Quarterly Budget Sheet \[assignee] Tevo \[status] todo
* \[action] Wait for other workgroups to deliver their budget proposal \[due] 8 February 2024 \[status] todo
* \[action] Every workgroup is expected to remove the budget for unplanned items \[status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:

* topics covered: Miro Board, Budget , Quarter 1, Staking, Proposals, AGIX, Stable Value, Ethics
* emotions: We had quite a tension around discussing the differentiation of core contributors and how it's done

### Onboarding Workgroup

* Type of meeting: Weekly
* People present: LadyTempestt \[host], Onyeka \[documenter], Sucren, Vanessa, Peter, esewilliams, Tevo, Cjfrankie, Slate, Precious, Duke, lord kizzy, LadyTempestt
* Working Docs:
  * [SNET Onboarding WG Task Reward Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG\_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT\_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit)
  * [Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky\_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [Onboarding WG - how can we support other WGs to onboard new people in their meetings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [Onboarding Workgroup MIRO](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/)
  * [F\&D roster](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Town Hall Updates:

\-Thanks to those who participated in our Continuous onboarding sessions -Onboarding session on the 8th February 2024. -We have more people joining the Onboarding Workgroup and talk on the criterias for you to become a member. -Quarterly Budget Report.

#### Discussion Points:

* Minutes of last Meeting
* Action items from last meeting
* Next Ambassador TH Update
* Twitter thread on the Getting started channel
* Continuous Onboarding Session Report
* Onboarding Workgroup Facilitation and Documentation Roster
* Q4 Quarterly report
* Budget for Q1

#### Decision Items:

* We agreed to set a deadline (15th of February) for the Onboarding Session Report.
  * \[opposing] None
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* We decided that the asynchronous input from R\&D, Education and Strategy can be added as comments to the Report.
  * \[opposing] None
  * \[effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
* We have decided to create a Twitter tweet to announce our Onboarding session.
  * \[opposing] None
* We decided to split the Facilitation of the Onboarding Session into 4 parts
  * \[opposing] None

#### Action Items:

* \[action] Sucren to speak to Mikasa to create a tweet to announce the Onboarding session \[assignee] Sucren \[due] 1 February 2024 \[status] todo
* \[action] Lady Tempestt to create a resource, with ideas for how WGs can support continuous onboarding \[assignee] LadyTempestt \[due] 1 February 2024 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Vani to make the necessary corrections to the Onboarding Session slides \[assignee] Vanessa \[due] 1 February 2024 \[status] todo
* \[action] Lord Kizzy to create a report on Continuous Onboarding (1st draft bring to meeting on 15th) \[assignee] lord kizzy \[due] 15 February 2024 \[status] in progress
* \[action] Lord Kizzy to give the onboarding updates in the next TH meeting \[assignee] lord kizzy \[due] 30 January 2024 \[status] todo
* \[action] Lord Kizzy to share the infographic to announce the Onboarding session on the 8th of February \[assignee] lord kizzy \[due] 2024-01-11 \[status] todo

#### Learning Points:

* GMBLS has been changed to MINS

#### Issues:

* The Onboarding Session.
* The Continuous Onboarding Report
* The Question on Guilds and WorkGroups

#### Keywords/tags:

* topics covered: Guilds , Onboarding, TH Update , Roles, Budget
* emotions: Collaborative, speedy , funny , Thoughtful , Friendly

## Friday 26th January 2024



### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: Rojo [facilitator], Judith [documenter], cardano_class, devon, Dr Strange, Duke, Judith, lord kizzy, malik, Peter, Rojo, Slate, Zalfred
#### Discussion Points:
- Updates from Task Manager Devon on everybody's outstanding tasks
- Slate got welcomed as new video WG member
- Updates from Lord Kizzy and Judith on Q4 report and Q1 projections
- Updates from Malik (Social Media Management) on social media numbers and that analytics are difficult to get
- Is it time to push the Ambassadors Program?
- Anwering questions from Zalfred who introduced himself
- BGI - people can still apply to go

#### Decision Items:
- You will have to assign tasks points yourself to subtasks in Dework (not main tasks)
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Malik to do research on best social media metrics to track (others can help too) [assignee] malik [due] 2 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Check at Ambassadors' TH if we should start pushing the program [assignee] Anyone [due] 1 March 1 [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: BGI, social media management, Q4 report, Q1 projections, Ambassador Program marketing
- emotions: Friendly


## Saturday 27th January 2024