---
description: 31st July to 6th August 2023
---

# Week 31



{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=35070391&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 31st July 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c" id="docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c"></a>

### Education Guild

## Tuesday 1st August 2023

### Governance WorkGroup

### Ambassador Town Hall

### Process Guild

## Wednesday 2nd August 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives Workgroup</mark>

Not this week

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

#### **Meeting Summary** **Context:**&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764559745101280\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764559745101280\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Agenda Items**&#x20;

#### **1) Review and get the lessons in the right format**&#x20;

**Description** - We looked at all our lessons and identified improvements \
**\[Action]** - Refine our current lessons and turn them into markdown \
**Insight** - To turn into markdown, copy all text and pictures in PBL Google Docs and paste in [https://stackedit.io/app](https://stackedit.io/app) \
**Learning** - stackedit.io will turn the pictures into working links.&#x20;

#### **2) Checking the structure of BBK Lessons**&#x20;

**Description** - We looked at current structure and updated Miro board \
**\[Action]** - Peter will do PBL Module on Permissions&#x20;

#### **3) Feedback Forms**&#x20;

**Description** - We discussed feedback forms for the PBLs \
**Insight** - Having feedback forms for each lesson and a general form for whole course can be useful \
**\[Decision]** - Completing feedback forms should not be mandatory.&#x20;

#### **Next elegant steps** (general action items)&#x20;

Refine our lessons and turn them into markdown.

### Process Modelling Workgroup

### Incubation Workgroup and Strategy Guild

## Thursday 3rd August 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:  <a href="#docs-internal-guid-41a2aff8-7fff-de35-b10d-754eb5484212" id="docs-internal-guid-41a2aff8-7fff-de35-b10d-754eb5484212"></a>

Sucre \[facilitator], Peter, Tommy, Kenichi, Vani \[documenter]

#### Miro Board

See [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/?moveToWidget=3458764560782272677\&cot=14](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/?moveToWidget=3458764560782272677\&cot=14)&#x20;

#### Agenda

#### **1) Go through Action items from last meeting**

**\[ACTION]** Vani and Sucre to tweak the email and then post a new version in Discord for comments **(done)**\
**\[ACTION]** Vani and Sucre to include a suggestion on how to phrase what the process is to be formally accepted as an Ambassador in the new draft of the Onboarding email. All to comment.\
**\[ACTION]** Once the new Onboarding email text is agreed, Peter will share his list of 300-ish people with Sucre so they can be contacted. **(done)**\
**\[ACTION]** when emails go out, they will be BCCd\
**\[ACTION]** Name of the “Ambassadors Only” meeting changed on calendar to “leadership session”, for clarity **(done)**\
**\[ACTION]** We will give a heads-up to WG and Guild leads that new prospective Ambassadors might attend their meetings, and they should be welcomed.  \
**\[ACTION]** Sucre, Ash and Vani will continue to do 1-2-1 contacts\
**\[ACTION]** We will meet again on 3rd August and see how it feels to meet weekly **(done)**\
**\[ACTION]** Vani to liaise with Tevo re access to account to be able to start meetings **(done)**

#### 2) Onboarding email - ready to send?

Yes, except for \
1\) adding a link to Instagram at the end\
2\) wording the “You applied a while ago” line at the start, so we can add it to those for whom it’s relevant\
3\) sorting out the Dework task about sign up to Dework and adding a wallet - it shouldn’t ask people to DM Felix, etc\
**\[ACTION]** Sucre (and Vani if needed) to fix these things then it can go out

#### 3) One-to-one contacting - how’s it going?

Not enough time to discuss

#### 4) Ensuring new people get a warm welcome

* Was mentioned last meeting that new people are not always feeling welcomed.&#x20;
* Part of it could be fear that someone unknown who turns up in a Zoom meeting is a spammer. Should we circulate a list of the Zoom names of new people, so WG leads can keep an eye out for them?
* Or do WG leads need a bit of training or ideas on how to welcome new people? (e.g. saying Hi rather than just ignoring)

### <mark style="color:green;">Treasury Guild</mark>

#### **Meeting Summary** **Context:**&#x20;

How to structure Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities.&#x20;

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764559872563238\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrKE=/?moveToWidget=3458764559872563238\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Agenda Items**&#x20;

#### **1) Collecting wallets during onboarding**&#x20;

**Description** - We need an alternative to people sending wallets to Felix \
**\[Decision]** - We will use Google form in "My first Bounty" task \
**\[Action]** - Google form needs to be added to task&#x20;

#### **2) No Gimbal tokens for tasks without task points**&#x20;

**Description** - Informed Ambassadors in the call that no gimbals will be allocated to tasks without task points \
**Insight** - There are tasks that don't need gimbals, like monthly subscriptions&#x20;

#### **3) Better reporting on monthly budgets**&#x20;

**Description** - We need better reporting on how the budget is spent each month.\
**Insight** - Upgrading the treasury dashboard can solve this problem.&#x20;

#### **Next elegant steps** (general action items)&#x20;

\[Action] Implement the google form for wallet collection \
\[Action]  Start work on the Treasury Dashboard

### AI Sandbox

### Deepfunding Town Hall

No summary provided

## Friday 4th August 2023

### Video Workgroup

No summary given

***

### Writers' Workgroup

No summary given



***
