---
description: 7th August to 13th August 2023
---

# Week 32

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=35070391&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 7th August 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c" id="docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c"></a>

### Education Guild

## Tuesday 8th August 2023

### Governance WorkGroup

### Ambassador Town Hall

### Process Guild

## Wednesday 9th August 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives Workgroup</mark>

#### Video

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/Qp7plCU2zL0" %}

**Hosts** : Stephen Whitenstall&#x20;

**Date of Meeting** : Wednesday, 9th August 2023&#x20;

**Attendees** : Andre, Stephen, & Vanessa&#x20;

**Agenda** :&#x20;

1 - GitHub Project Board - Stephen&#x20;

2 - Discussion - Guidance notes/templates for meeting facilitators - Vani

#### Meeting Issue

{% embed url="https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/49" %}

#### Project Board

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/1" %}

### Dework PBL Workgroup

### Process Modelling Workgroup

### Incubation Workgroup and Strategy Guild

## Thursday 10th August 2023

### Onboarding Workgroup

### Treasury Guild

### AI Sandbox

### Deepfunding Town Hall

## Friday 11th August 2023

### Video Workgroup

#### Present:&#x20;

Rojo \[facilitator] \[documenter], Agus, SucrenSpice, Slysyl, Slate.

#### In this meeting we:

* Discussed workgroup progress (projects, social media,â€¦)
* Discussed how newcomers can become members.
* Discussed how we can increase our clip output
* Discussed where we can find more content.
* Talked about the next tasks to be covered.

#### Decisions:&#x20;

\[decision] Increase our clip output.

#### Action items:

\[action] Find more content for clips.

***

### Writers' Workgroup

No summary given

***
