---
description: 28th August to 3rd September 2023
---

# Week 35

{% embed url="https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNET-Archive/projects/1/views/3?itemId=35070391&pane=issue" %}

## Monday 28th August 2023 <a href="#docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c" id="docs-internal-guid-565643b2-7fff-f227-7377-f80e405da06c"></a>

### Education Guild

## Tuesday 29th August 2023

### Governance WorkGroup

### Ambassador Town Hall

### Process Guild

## Wednesday 30th August 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Archives workgroup</mark>

<mark style="color:green;">Not this week.</mark>

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Dework PBL Workgroup</mark>

#### **Meeting Summary** **Context:**&#x20;

This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild.

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562259502651\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562259502651\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Content Overview Video:**

[https://youtu.be/wTZH5I-0TWk](https://youtu.be/wTZH5I-0TWk)&#x20;

#### **Agenda Items**

#### **1) PBL Lessons Feedback Form**&#x20;

**Description** - A way to collect async feedback about the onboarding content \
**Insight** - Feedback form is ready \
**Insight** - Feedback form move to Ambassador Drive so others can also see feedback&#x20;

#### **2) Audit Tasks**&#x20;

**Description** - Go over all finalized material and see if it now suits our needs \
\[**Decision]** - postpone sentiment analysis until we have live website \
**\[Action]** - Go over lessons with the thought of simplest action we could use for each lesson.\
**\[Decision]** - we look at Dework tasks next meeting (Dework didn't work)&#x20;

#### **Next elegant steps** (general action items)&#x20;

**\[Action]** Those who picked up new lessons will be drafting new content \
**\[Action]** Find a way to get Dework PBL online.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Process Modelling Workgroup</mark>

#### **Meeting Summary** **Context:**&#x20;

Establishing or maintaining processes to help community members to efficiently collaborate together.

#### **Meeting notes:**&#x20;

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrQg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562443714715\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrQg=/?moveToWidget=3458764562443714715\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### **Agenda Items**&#x20;

#### **1) Workgroup Types and Requirements Matrix Table**&#x20;

**Description** - A table that lists all the requirements to establish a workgroup or a program for Ambassador Program \
**\[Decision]** - The result is ready for adoption \
**\[Decision]** - Seed Workgroup does not require a roadmap \
**\[Decision]** - If goals are longer than 3 months, there have to be milestones in the roadmap \
**Insight** - Removed Fund Request related information from evaluation row (it's covered in resource section)&#x20;

#### **2) Housekeeping**&#x20;

**Description** - Discussed Workgroup rewards, management and next steps \
**\[Decision]** - We will take a small break and skip next week \
**\[Action]** - Coordinate a new Process Modeling Workgroup meeting time   [https://www.when2meet.com/?21161533-9RDo9](https://www.when2meet.com/?21161533-9RDo9)&#x20;

#### **3) How do we evaluate Workgroups?**&#x20;

**Description** - We have decided rules to analyze our results, but we have not described how.\
**\[Decision]** - We may start documenting guides on the day we start evaluating any workgroup based on proposals \
**Insight** - We don't have the details of how we evaluate Workgroups \
**Insight** - We review assets, outputs and contribution dashboard \
**\[Action]** - provide simple guidelines or steps to take to evaluate workgroups&#x20;

#### **Next elegant steps** (general action items)&#x20;

**\[Action]** Create proposals for each existing Workgroups and Programs.

***

### <mark style="color:green;">Strategy Guild</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Osmium, WaKa, Slate, Fly, Peter, Headelf \[facilitator] \[documenter].

#### Agenda:&#x20;

Code of Conduct&#x20;

#### Notes:&#x20;

This was in part a pivot away from the Code of Ethics into a full-blown Code of Conduct for the Singularitynet ecosystem. A very in-depth convo ensued with a lot of philosophical points on what a CoC entailed. With my (Headelf) being the scribe as well as facilitator and meeting leader the notes may be a little weak. The comments do not necessarily have the speaker noted.&#x20;

First comments discussed the direction of the code of conduct vs the Code of Ethics. It was thought that we should strive towards having the community working together. It should not be a code of criminal. Maybe consider it as a Process Resolution with teeth. Goal is to have completed prior to 4th quarter. Ideation, editing within the workgroup. Then bring the doc out to the greater community for discussion, ratification and vote.&#x20;

It was thought that the ambassador program should encourage members to do what they love to do. Convo flexed to definitions of Ambassadors and their roles. It was noted that this convo had broken down and virtually halted due to some behavior that was unacceptable to other members.&#x20;

The convo covered Onboarding and its planned meeting in near future. A beginning doc was created for async work and was to be published for community editing.&#x20;

**\[Action]**: edit and comment on the doc.

#### Length of meeting:&#x20;

1 hour.&#x20;

***

## Thursday 31st August 2023

### <mark style="color:green;">Onboarding Workgroup</mark>

#### Present:&#x20;

Sucre’nSpice \[facilitator], Headelf, Vani \[documenter], Peter

#### Meeting notes:&#x20;

[Onboarding Workgroup minutes, 31st Aug 2023](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Nf4YG9EIq2CdBxz4FqhJb2TeMjtwGXIr9nvxRLQniM/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Minutes of last meeting:&#x20;

agreed as a correct record

#### Action items:&#x20;

mostly done; except that WaKa has posted that he doesn’t agree with the approach being taken for the Getting Started channel, and he doesn’t have time to completely restructure it as he would like.

#### We:

* Discussed the idea (from Rojo) of a “Media” workgroup, which the proposed Graphics workgroup could become part of
* Finalised the slide deck for next week’s Onboarding session - particularly, what to say about finances and rewards for being an Ambassador
* Decided who will present which parts of the slides next week

#### Action items:

**\[ACTION]**: SucrenSpice to reach out to Slate and let him know to chat with Rojo about the Graphics group possibly collaborating with, or being part of, a “Media” WG.

**\[ACTION]** Vani to finish Slide 7 in the slide deck for the onboarding session

**\[ACTION]** SucrenSpice to contact Devon re: adding a line of text to his infographic about the Onboarding session

**\[ACTION]** All to help publicise the session

**\[ACTION]**: SucrenSpice, Vani, Peter and Tommy to attend the onboarding session and help present, as follows:

* Intro, onboarding video, and slides up to slide 8 - SucrenSpice
* Slides 9- 15 - Vani
* Slides 16 - 25- Tommy
* QnA and last slide - Peter

#### Next meeting:&#x20;

Thurs 14th Sept, 13:00 UTC (Note that the meeting on 7th Sept will be an onboarding session for new people, so the next actual workgroup meeting is 14th Sept.)

***

### Treasury Guild

### AI Sandbox

### Deepfunding Town Hall

## Friday 1st September 2023

### Video Workgroup

### Writers' Workgroup
