---
description: May 22, 2023 to May 28, 2023
---

# Week 21

## Monday, 22nd May 2023

### Translator Support Workshop

Hosted by

### Education Guild

Hosted by

## Tuesday, 23rd May 2022

### Governance Workgroup

Hosted by Felix Weber

#### Context:

Working on processes regarding the Ambassadors Governance Framework document.

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VQvztaryoFQ\_vgY2u9dhKTsF7P\_pyDwD9K7CnDsxhNc/edit#heading=h.yd3mqo6vqpha](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VQvztaryoFQ\_vgY2u9dhKTsF7P\_pyDwD9K7CnDsxhNc/edit#heading=h.yd3mqo6vqpha)

**Dework task** - [https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/gov-wg?taskId=4cb4a61b-4e80-4ffc-8053-0c89b52eb75f](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/gov-wg?taskId=4cb4a61b-4e80-4ffc-8053-0c89b52eb75f)

#### Agenda Item

Discussing the Ambassadors Governance Framework document with the Governance Workgroup and brainstorming on most elegant steps to refine the governance framework document

**Action**: Create a Dework task for people to cluster, categorize comments/problems from the gov document - [https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/gov-wg?taskId=91ac491c-d29e-464d-b5bf-989c6b157c38](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/gov-wg?taskId=91ac491c-d29e-464d-b5bf-989c6b157c38)

**Action**: Create a time based order to solve categorized problems

**Action**: Create a task for categorized problems so that people can take ownership of solving problems from the document

### Ambassadors Workgroup

Weekly internal discussion

#### Summary Context:

How to structure Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities.

#### Meeting notes:

[Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764554424979785\&cot=10)

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Ambassador Workshop 23-05-23.jpg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Ambassador Workshop 23-05-23.pdf" %}

**Agenda Items**

Ambassador Workgroup Meeting format

**Action** - Update Calendar Item to give more info about workgroup description and new meeting policy

**Decision** - Moving forward these sessions are private and ambassadors only

**Decision** - Zoom link remains in public for easier access

**Decision** - Meeting will not be recorded or transcribed

#### Ambassador Tools and Licenses

**Action** - Add your tools you use or would like to propose to use by ambassadors

**Action** - update sheet if you need paid license for a tool and share the reason

**Decision** - we will come back to this sheet to align on licenses we will buy for ambassadors

**New Retrospective Rewards for Ambassadors**

**Action** - Create Dework Tasks related to Retrospective Rewards

**Decision** - Rojo will be rewarded with 350$ worth of AGIX

**Next elegant steps (general action items)** Learn about Ambassadors "who wants to work on what?"

### Ambassador Town Hall

Hosted by Peter Elfrink

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/JrRnlpP06AE" %}

### Process Guild

Hosted by Tevo Saks

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/znVQ-3gb_fg" %}

#### Context:

We Prioritize critical Ambassador Activities and cover process changes

#### Meeting notes:

[Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764554647942728\&cot=10)

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Process-Guild-23-05-23.jpg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Process-Guild-23-05-23.pdf" %}

#### Agenda Items

Voting / Consensus / Consent / Decision making in Ambassador Program

**Action** - Vote on Decision Making methods you think are most appropriate for Approving Governance Framework document and Proposals submitted to Ambassador Program

**Next elegant steps** (general action items) Continue learning about decision making methods in the context of using them in Ambassador Program

## Wednesday, 24th May 2023

### Incubation Workgroup

#### Host(s):

Cran & Fly

#### Attendees:

cally, headelf, peter, freys, fly, cran, rojo, sucren, pauline

#### Agenda Items:

Discuss and ideate bringing on people and projects into Incubation.

Length of Meeting: 1 hr

#### Miro Board:

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Incubation Workgroup-24-05-23.jpg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Incubation Workgroup-24-05-23.pdf" %}

#### Goal and or Action Items:

Miro Board ideation. Ideas on improving the program, listing people and projects to bring into Incubation

#### Brief Summary:

We started by highlighting last week's session around everyone's thoughts on the purpose of the Ambassador Program.

We used Miro: [link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764554647942728\&cot=10)

to list:

* Ideas to Improve the Ambassador Program
* Incubation discussion topic ideas
* People to bring into Incubation
* Projects to bring into Incubation

then created connections between people, projects, and discussion topics

**Actionable Items**: Create a doc for people to contribute to for people & projects they'd like to reach out to for connecting them and bringing them into Incubation for future workshops, discussions, AMAs, etc.

### Process Modelling Workshop

#### Meeting Summary

#### Context:

Creating a very raw draft of Ambassador onboarding process and discussing next steps

#### Meeting notes:

[Miro link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764554696971051\&cot=10)

![Process Modelling Workshop
\-24-05-23](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive-GitBook/assets/25156451/83dd829b-4c61-473f-b53e-8655d6663f4e)

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Process-Modelling-Workshop-24-05-23.pdf" %}

#### Agenda Items

Current onboarding process - Looked at all resources and process of onboarding

Realised we still need a Code of Conduct

* **Decision** - Create small tasks to help onboard new contributors
* **Action** - Peter to include archival link in getting started channel in Discord
* **Decision** - For ambassador role an implicit requirement is long term involvement (months)

#### Non Ambassador Roles

* **Decision** - We will focus on workgroup processes first as it will give insight on the onboarding process of Ambassadors.

**Next elegant steps (general action items)** prepare for next session (Writers Workgroup Onboarding Model)

## Thursday, 25th May 2023

### Treasury Guild

Hosted by Tevo Saks

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/h48esvrlYaU" %}

#### Meeting Summary Context:

How to structure Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities.

**Meeting notes**: [link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764554684563363\&cot=10)

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Treasury-Guild-25-05-23.jpg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Treasury-Guild-25-05-23.pdf" %}

#### Agenda Items

#### Proposal - Dework PBL Workgroup

* **Description** - Creating educational Project Based Learning material how Ambassadors use Dework
* **Decision** - Select proposals trough Consent method in Treasury Guild until pushback and then fall back to Democratic methods
* **Decision** - 4% of total budget will moved from Misc Allocation to Dework PBL Workgroup
* **Action** - Prepare and Schedule Dework PBL Workgroup
* **Action** - Share changes with all the Ambassadors
* **Insight** - Learning Materials will be created on top of Gimbalabs Andamio Platform
* **Insight** - Inviting people to workgroups one person at time leads to more effective workgroups

#### Dao Lens - Participation Recognition Pipeline

* **Description** - More user friendly and automated process to share events and recognize participation
* **Decision** - we wait with this proposal until the size of Misc Allocation is updated and Treasury rewards are reallocated and aligned on
* **Action** - Share back the feedback and response to DAO Lens Action - Connect with Kevin to see if Farm Bot Developers would be interested in creating Discord MVP to automate some proposed changes

#### Ambassador Monthly Rewards

* **Description** - More user friendly and automated Decision - Ambassador allocation is increased to 75% of total budget,
* **Decision** - This and Next month we will be running Ambassador Program with 106% capacity based on monthly allocation

**Next elegant steps (general action items)** Looking for facilitator for next week Treasury Guild Meeting

## Friday, 26th May 2023

### Marketing Guild

Host(s): Cran & Fly

#### Attendees:&#x20;

fly, cran, sucrenspice, peter, sly syl, slate, headelf, kenichi, mikasa

Agenda Items: Purpose of Marketing Guild and whether it's necessary, Introducing proposal idea, what a Marketing/Video/Writers proposal might look like

#### Length of Meeting:&#x20;

1 hr

#### Goal and or Action Items:&#x20;

Work towards speaking with the Ambassador Program about allowing Individuals/Workgroups/Guilds to create proposals to seek budget for initiatives.&#x20;

#### Brief Summary:&#x20;

We started by talking about Slate's contributions over the month and then went onto the Miro board (Marketing Guild Meeting section): [link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764554647942728\&cot=10)

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Marketing-26-05-23.jpg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

We discussed the purpose of Marketing Guild and whether it's necessary moving forward. We brought up the idea of Individuals/Workgroups/Guilds bringing proposals to the Ambassador Program as a way to figure out the Budget moving forward after June.

Marketing Guild is potentially unnecessary moving forward as Marketing Campaigns could be turned into Ambassador Program Proposals from Individuals/Workgroups/Guilds.

The idea of going about the budget moving forward with proposals will be brought up at next week's Town Hall and we can find ways to move forward if there's no disagreements.

We talked about what a proposal could look like and used the example of Archival Workgroup's proposal. Proposals could include Budget, Budget Reporting (how/where/when), Budget use history (if available), KPIs/Goals, and Why/Purpose.

There could also be collaboration points within the proposals. ie if a Workgroup is looking to create content for a spinoff project they could reach out to that project and find ways to establish lines of communication and collaboration including the potential of receiving rewards.

We ended with some potential proposal ideas people could begin thinking about such as: Social Media Management, Video Workgroup, Writers Workgroup, Digital Marketing, Graphic Design, Month/Quarterly Individual Project Ideas, Broadcasting, and Merchandise

Noted for Merchandise: Practically speaking logos etc are not open source and requires permission but doesn't seem to be any barriers. Make sure to request. The Foundation is talking about setting up a shop that the Ambassador Program can provide input for Ambassador Merch.
