---
description: May 1st 2023 to May 7th 2023
---

# Week 18

## Monday, 1st May 2023

### Education Guild

This meeting was facilitated by headelf and TheFreysDeFi

#### Agenda

Education Guild Agenda 5.1.2023

#### Education Guild Introduction&#x20;

#### Ideation

What is The SingularityNet ambassador program's role as educators in the SingularityNet ecosystem?

\-Internal guild education versus external. Are they really separate processes? How do we reduce our internal time to learn process?

\-Is this endeavor limited to within the Guild or do we develop partnerships to assist? How do we engage Institutions of Higher Learning to assist us? Does the guild create a platform or process to make it easy for institutions to onboard without guidance(open source) or do we embark on an invitation style onboarding?&#x20;

How can workgroups enhance the process of education.&#x20;

\-How do we engage AI/AGI tooling to assist us in developing the best education program possible?

As we engage on these topics perhaps we keep in mind our decentralization ethos and commitment to open source.

There are many more topics to be discussed that should be added to the agenda, but due to what is expected as heavy and in depth discussion the agenda is initially limited to these four questions and introduction.

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/document/d/164KJWS2Ghd-axSiWtLEa08MmBZdTZhQ-Sr6p8ZWddtw/edit?usp=sharing" %}

## Tuesday, 2nd May 2023

### Onboarding Workshop

Hosted by SucrenSpice

13 participants

#### Read.ai summary

The meeting discussed the onboarding process for new recruits, including having a Getting Started channel, a monthly meetup, and a quiz. They also discussed having a pre-meeting to answer questions and introduce the program. They concluded by agreeing to pin the Getting Started link in the channel and to follow up with those who had already expressed interest.

The group discussed the idea of having a 30 minute hangout before the town hall every two weeks, as well as the possibility of creating a channel for people who have completed the first task. They also discussed the use of badges and NFTs to reward people for completing tasks. Finally, Fly suggested making a video to explain how to do the first task.

The group discussed how to organize steps for newcomers to the program, suggesting that they read an article and take a quiz to earn rewards. They also discussed setting up an automated email to introduce people to the program and filter out those who don't make the first step of joining the squad. Finally, they suggested that people read the Getting Started channel and have their information in a sheet.

The group discussed the need for documentation and scalability when onboarding new members, as well as the idea of having different levels of ambassadors and name tags to differentiate between newcomers and existing members. They agreed to have a meeting next week to finalize their ideas and to involve Tev in the process. They also discussed tracking the time spent on the effort.

#### Transcript

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Onboarding Transcript - Tue, 2 May 2023" %}

### Process Guild

Hosted by Tevo Saks

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/iwkMF50baDo" %}

#### Meeting notes

[https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764553099805901\&cot=10](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO0WVUBA=/?moveToWidget=3458764553099805901\&cot=10)&#x20;

#### Context

We Prioritize critical Ambassador Activities and cover process changes&#x20;

#### Agenda Items

Going through Priority Topics and checking what needs to be done next with a related topic.

#### Topics were:&#x20;

1 Create Task process for Writers Workgroup(WG) Governance framework action item - Figure out permissions for writers' workgroup to have a medium account to post articles&#x20;

2 Video Workgroup Structure action item - Let's incentivize members to audit the workgroup structure&#x20;

3 Create meta standard for the onboarding process in modules action item - Keep baseline process simple

Discussion about Meeting Summaries and a need for learning to be good facilitator&#x20;

#### Decision Items

&#x20;We document the meetings in the way we feel most comfortable with and share the summaries in a dedicated Discord channel.&#x20;

#### Next steps

Connect with Facilitators Collective Work on action items created under agenda items

\


### Ambassador Town Hall

Hosted by Peter Elfrink

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/xTLNX7Oku4w" %}

#### Slides

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LGH_ioo5Ok0ebf-APKm66T6yCsjHb65P6XCNKauBMsc/edit?usp=sharing" %}

#### Workgroup Updates

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FBPoJY66H_ZKMOkgybEqEcBeH9JjzABp1i8Iyf2CJIM/edit?usp=sharing" %}

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pUwmW331OQqz08eSAs5X38egrRVbR9nNsD-W2tep8wE/edit?usp=sharing" %}

## Wednesday, 3rd May 2023

### Incubation Workshop

#### Hosted by Fly and Crandano

Welcome at the weekly Ambassadors Incubation Workgroup. Join us to get direct insights and updates from the Ambassadors program, meet and connect with community members and find guidance and support for becoming a member of the SingularityNET Ambassadors program.

#### Attendees:&#x20;

Iain, Stephen, headelf, Peter E, Felix, Freys, cran, rojo, sucren, kenichi, ericS, blankgodd

#### Agenda Items:&#x20;

Direction of Incubation Workgroup, AI Tools budget, New Ambassadors

#### Length of Meeting:

2 hours

#### Goal or Action Items:&#x20;

Yes to $200 budget for AI Tools, Yes to 4 new Ambassadors: Freys, Sucren, Kenichi, Stephen

#### Brief Summary:&#x20;

Fly suggested using a paid account for the AI community tools, and Stephen mentioned the potential cost implications. The group discussed the pros and cons of using open source versus closed source tools, and the possibility of having multiple accounts for different purposes. They also discussed the possibility of having a sign up form for community members to propose ideas and topics for the incubation meetings.

Fly proposed a cap of $200 for AI tools and Tommy Frey suggested that the same amount should be allocated for work group leads, with a minimum number of hours put in. The group agreed and decided to move on to discuss group leads and rewards.

Tommy Frey suggested a verbal vote to elevate four people to the ambassador role, which was agreed upon by the group. Stephen and Kevin recused themselves from the vote due to being on the ballot. Rojo suggested an anonymous vote on a platform such as Poll Maker to ensure no one felt coerced. Tommy Frey suggested referring to the notes from the previous vote to ensure clarity.

Tommy Frey suggested that the four new ambassadors be voted in as a group, and the group discussed the implications of this decision. They also discussed the process of becoming an ambassador and the need for transparency. In the end, they decided to vote in the four new ambassadors as a group, but to also discuss the process of becoming an ambassador further.

#### Presentation

#### Direction of Incubation

What are the things in Ambassador program that need “incubation”?

How would you (community) like to contribute to the incubation workgroup:-

1. Community members propose ideas and topics on a signup form during the week, which are then covered during incubation?
2. Community members propose ideas and topics at the start of each incubation meeting?
3. Leaders of Incubation come up with topic for community contributions?

#### AI Community Tools

Do you have any more tools we want to use?

How should accounts be managed?

1. Each Ambassador has a paid account?
2. A paid account open for all Ambassadors?
3. One paid account for Ambassadors; one for wider community?

Do you have any more tools we want to use?

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Screenshot from 2023-05-03 22-24-06.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

#### Workgroup/Guild Leads

* Goal: a solution until we look at the budget again by beginning of July
* In previous discussion we agreed to reimburse rewards at 1,875 AGIX/mo
* Should we use this as a solution for the quarter as we experiment with new Guilds and Workgroup Leads?
  * Leads could also not be capped to not double dip into other rewards within the program (ie: ability to do tasks)
* Do you believe an hourly rate of rewards is more appropriate?
* What amount?
  * 1,875 AGIX/mo rewards is equivalent to $562.50. At $10/hr that’s 13hrs/wk. At $15/hr that’s close to 9hrs/wk. $20/hr is 6.5hrs/wk.

#### Our role in SingComDAO - Not Discussed

With the upcoming election and call for proposals on the Swae platform, how can we self organise?&#x20;

Who will make a proposal on the swae platform?

How can we incubate people “stepping up”?

### Strategy Guild - Not Discussed

Hosted by

Strategy Agenda for May 3, 2023

1. Overview of how to Facilitate an effective meeting - POV leading to a BEST PRACTICE of Facilitating a Virtual Meeting.
2. The Governance Document&#x20;

## Thursday, 4th May 2023

### Treasury Guild

**Treasury Guild - Contribution Management and Treasury Fee**

Hosted by Tevo Saks

17 Partipants

#### Read.ai summary

Tevo Saks and Felix Weber discussed how to reward ambassadors for their work, with a maximum of 4,154 Agx per month. How to track the work done by ambassadors and avoid double dipping. They also discussed how to record tasks done for work groups and how to calculate rewards.

Tevo Saks proposed to create a task list for meetings and activities, and to use Excel to aggregate data. They discussed how to track hours and how to make sure everyone is credited for their work. They also discussed how to make sure that all meetings and activities are tracked and that no hours are missed.

Tevo Saks proposed that rewards should be calculated monthly, with a maximum of 4,154 AGX per ambassador. They discussed the possibility of a flat rate, as well as budgeting per ambassador for their projects. They also discussed the need to define what activities should be rewarded and how to track work without the hour mindset. Finally, they proposed a session with the ambassadors to set out the process and get all the ambassadors on board.

The group discussed the difficulty of tokenizing their work and incentivizing ambassadors, and agreed to experiment until the end of the quarter. They decided to report their work monthly, with ambassadors encouraged to do it weekly and aggregate their tasks into one task. They also discussed the need to hold a work group to simplify the process.

Tevo Saks proposed two projects to get work groups going and discussed the rewards system for the projects. Stephen suggested a project-based approach to project management and proposed his own project proposal. Tevo Saks suggested that the rewards system for the projects should be discussed and that the projects should take priority over work groups for the next two months.

The group discussed the process for creating a new work group, the importance of incentivizing people to join, and the need for a weekly or bi-weekly meeting to discuss tasks and expectations for ambassadors. They also discussed the need for a code of conduct and the possibility of using two different treasury systems. Finally, they agreed to create an ambassadors-only work group in the Discord and to archive the conversation when the tasks are solved.

#### Transcript

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Treasury Guild Transcript - Thu, 4 May 2023" %}

#### Miro Board&#x20;

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/SingularityNET - Ambassador Program - Guild -  Contribution Management and Treasury Fees..pdf" %}

### DeepFunding Town Hall

Hosted by Jan Horlings

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Screenshot from 2023-05-04 20-08-35.png" alt=""><figcaption><p><a href="https://twitter.com/SNET_Ambassador/status/1653879479851433985">https://twitter.com/SNET_Ambassador/status/1653879479851433985</a></p></figcaption></figure>

#### Swae platform

{% embed url="https://proposals.deepfunding.ai/feed" %}

#### View all missions

{% embed url="https://proposals.deepfunding.ai/view-all-missions" %}

#### Hugging Face

{% embed url="https://huggingface.co/" %}

#### Langchain

{% embed url="https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/index.html" %}

#### Gradio

{% embed url="https://gradio.app/" %}

## Friday, 5th May 2023

### Video Workgroup

Hosted by Rojo

#### Read.ai summary (edited)

It was proposed to create a video for the SingularityNET Quarterly Update, with a budget of $100 for successful submissions. A video that would give an overview of the progress made in the past quarter, as well as the plans for the upcoming quarter. Also include interviews with team members and community members, as well as clips from events and other activities.

The Ambassadors discussed abolishing internships and transitioning to a system of judging people by their work. They discussed using the Summon platform for voting and creating NFTs for work group members.&#x20;

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rhiKpf-b-Lw0fcDh3YrD37vRALaJq5KPRDNbVwomGxw/edit?usp=sharing" %}

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/VW weekly presentation.pdf" %}

{% embed url="https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMQx-OwU=/" %}

#### References

{% embed url="https://blog.singularitynet.io/singularitynet-operations-q1-2023-update-fa1060d75c8a" %}

{% embed url="https://summonplatform.io/" %}

{% embed url="https://saturnnft.io/" %}

### Writers Workgroup

Hosted by Kenichi

#### Cognito Protocol Review

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x0BLcGMXYyshkOGyFy1btLJR25ZgUh8UpbPIdW7H0pw/edit?usp=sharing" %}

#### Mindplex magazine

{% embed url="https://magazine.mindplex.ai/" %}

### Marketing Guild

Hosted by Crandano

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1syEn1BOEXbfx8DTCdXemq4lcQS-mm8ff0uQyv1YKByE/edit?usp=sharing" %}

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Marketing Guild - Allocating Funds.pdf" %}
