---
description: Mon 22nd Sep - Sun 28th Sep 2025
---

# Week 39

## Wednesday 24th September 2025

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], guillermolucero, CallyFromAuron, Omolola Lawson, Rems, Malik
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions
- **Working Docs:**
  - [MeTTa Coder Lab drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yUE7TQSRzE6BUyOUh41mHQGb_WmZhyEb)
  - [Nunet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwU_T2iANX63x3AYyofSb3s2cjp8SPZhMeoK60MTD8nSiIbA/viewform)
  - [Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16Rp5FqkRkBAxEc362uusDkXA23kCBS8o4yXeZYYtmsI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ccgsnlbc8s9h)
  - [Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15dJCh1k8_MR39HS5MaQynf6hTho80rUO1XNZAtifgI0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pJRfpdySCsvkjsMnWpDoeAMVpRJQQxJgTdJJWFj3ioc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs,  Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access, Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program,  AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. 

- Deployment of an AI agent for the BNB hack and ongoing proposals for Cudos
- AOB Open discussions: Operations moving forward,
identify and establish priorities,
New proposals system redesign,
Onboarding Devs

#### Discussion Points:
- R&D Operations and Project Updates
The discussion highlighted the challenges in managing operations and the need for a structured approach to project proposals. Guillermo, including Vani, stressed the importance of recognizing contributions from hackathons and ensuring that team members are aligned on project goals. Vani highlighted the necessity of framing discussions around the ethical implementation of AI agents, suggesting the creation of a collaborative document for community input. Guillermo agreed on the importance of contextualizing the AI's foundational prompts to ensure it aligns with their decentralized values. They also acknowledged the challenges of engaging the community effectively, given varying participation levels.
- Discussion on AI Integration in Governance Processes
The conversation centered on the potential for AI to assist in governance tasks, with Malik Huzaifa suggesting that an AI agent could streamline the consent process for workgroups. Vani countered that automation could undermine the essential governance role of individual contributors. The group acknowledged the need for ethical considerations in delegating decision-making to AI. The discussion centered on the consent process and the effectiveness of community engagement. Vani pointed out that many individuals may hesitate to comment due to concerns about receiving inadequate responses. Malik raised ethical considerations regarding data usage by AI systems, emphasizing the need for transparency in how comments are handled. Guillermo emphasized the need for collaboration and proper licensing, potentially opting for an Apache license. Vani highlighted the importance of transparency in data usage, particularly regarding AI ethics, and Malik expressed that ethical considerations depend on how data is utilized within the organization. The group agreed on the necessity of clear communication regarding data practices.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Kenichi to share a visual presentation highlighting the progress updates on the R&D Channel [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy will follow up with the writers workgroup & marketing guild regarding the SEO training feedback.  [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Guillermo will create a video tutorial on how to use the new governance dashboard and share it in the governance meeting.  [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] 
Lordkizzy will reach out to the social media managers from both the video workgroup and writers workgroup to discuss the SEO audit report and necessary changes [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] in progress
- [**action**] Guillermo to share the summary of the BNB hackaton deployment on the Ambassadors General channel. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Vani to create a document for community discussion regarding the foundational prompt for the AI agent. [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo will follow up with Rems to set up a call regarding the UI design and integration. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 1 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Proposals, Governance Dashboard, Status update, AI Agent, Hackathon
- **emotions:**  Understanding.,  Satisfaction , Lengthy


## Thursday 25th September 2025


### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Clement Umoh [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], UKnowZork, Sucre n Spice, Kateri, Duke, martinsoki, esewilliams, Udoma, Jedidiah Omotayo, Isaac Daniel, Iphone
- **Purpose:** African Guild Meeting, 25th of September, 2025
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
The meeting opened with Clement welcoming everyone to our last meeting for this quarter. The meeting began with a recap of the previous session, which focused on digital financial assets and traditional banking experiences in Africa. The group discussed the Q4 2025 budget, which totals $1,900, with $600 allocated to recurring tasks and the remainder split between projects and workshops. They outlined various initiatives for the quarter, including the Lean Guild Challenge, Talking Drone Dispatch, and plans for Twitter spaces and village meetings. SucrenSpice mentioned creating an alternative budget based on a lower AJX price to account for recent fluctuations.

The team introduced a new quarterly initiative: a bi-weekly newsletter titled "Talking Drum Dispatch," designed to engage the community using Afrocentric naming and themes. Duke explained that the newsletter would be sent to the existing email database to help convert leads into warm or hot prospects for future events and funding opportunities. The team also addressed concerns about declining meeting attendance—Duke noted that while past events attracted up to 80 participants, recent turnout has been lower.

Duke emphasized the need for renewed marketing and lead nurturing through the Talking Drum Dispatch, targeting contacts from the past year with updates on TestNet, TestNet Africa, and AI in Africa. He also outlined plans for Afro AI storytelling videos and shorts, initially conceived as part of the Green Guild Challenge. SucrenSpice and Clement assisted in retrieving relevant details from the meeting transcript to support planning.

Duke announced the launch of the Lean Guild Challenge, a new competition aimed at promoting SingularityNet, AI, AGI, and Africa through creative ideas and potential video content. While the exact competition format is still being developed, Duke suggested possible collaboration with the video workgroup and promotion via the Marketing Guild and Ambassador Program’s YouTube channel. He also highlighted plans to revive X Spaces and support small, low-budget events, encouraging participants to focus on generating tangible outputs in the final two months of the quarter.

The team began planning a smaller-scale Lean creative competition with a modest $100 budget, modeled after a previous initiative. They agreed to form a focus group to structure the competition and generate ideas. Love volunteered to create a brief submission form for participants who prefer not to join live discussions. The competition will be open to both guild members and non-members, with plans to award prizes to the top three submissions—rather than just one winner—to boost participation and motivation.

The team discussed cross-guild content collaboration, agreeing to assign a delegation to engage with LATAM counterparts for Q1 2026 planning. They prioritized the first five items on their action list and began brainstorming topics for an upcoming African youth meeting. Duke suggested a topic on how AI could predict the rapture, which Love expressed interest in.



#### Decision Items:
- They agreed that the focus group will provide structure and brainstorm ideas for the Lean creative competition.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Love to create and share a form for members to submit ideas for the Lean Guild Challenge. [**assignee**] LadyTempestt [**due**] 9 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Duke to foster conversations with University of Abuja's computer science department regarding the Village Meeting event [**assignee**] Duke [**due**] 9 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Focus Group to meet and provide structure for the Q4 initiatives before the week ends. [**assignee**] focus group [**due**] 9 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Meeting Recap, Lean Guild Challenge, Talking Drone Dispatch, cross-guild content collaboration
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, funny

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], Kateri, UKnowZork, Santos, advanceameyaw, CallyFromAuron, guillermolucero, LordKizzy, Jeffrey Ndarake, Omolola Lawson, Rems, AndrewBen, Stephen [QADAO], osmium, martinsoki
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting on AI Think Tank discussion on Graph data on JSON.

- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK #48 Agenda ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nrGj1cwZ_76l7QJuocomVQ1HnxuhoV0Usrd-hoAgKxU/edit?tab=t.0)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- This meeting is in collaboration with Archives WG - a presentation from Stephen Whitenstall of Archives WG about the work they have been doing on developing knowledge graphs using Archives / meeting summary data.

- Development of draph data from JSON:

Stephen presented on converting JSON data into graph data.
He outlined the meaning of some basic graph terminology: nodes (entities) and edges (relationships). He explained how conversion to a graph format allows a more network-like representation of data, which enables a different type of analysis. He has written using Python scripts to extract and manipulate data from the Archives' SQL database.
- Graph analysis and community detection in workgroup data:

Stephen discussed the analysis of a directed graph with about 1,800 nodes and 3,500 edges, and the identification of clusters and communities within the data. He used algorithms such as the Fuchter-Rheingold layout and Force Atlas 2 to visualize connections and discern patterns. The analysis indicated approximately 18 to 19 communities, which may represent various workgroups, and highlighted the potential for further statistical analysis to understand community influence and centrality.
- Ethical Considerations in AI Data Usage:
Stephen Whitenstall discussed the ethical implications of using community-owned data in AI projects, stressing the necessity of obtaining consent and maintaining an audit trail. Vasu Madaan mentioned plans to implement these principles using Cardano's blockchain technology. The focus is on ensuring that the community understands how their data is being utilized.
- Exploring Data Analysis and Community Engagement:
Stephen Whitenstall highlighted the goal of creating educational materials based on data analysis, suggesting that community input is crucial for understanding the significance of identified patterns. Vani emphasized the value of interactive sessions for deeper exploration of data insights, particularly regarding the influence of different work groups. They both acknowledged that the frequency of meetings does not necessarily equate to influence, as the weight of each meeting's impact varies.
- Discussion on Structured and Unstructured Data:
Stephen Whitenstall explained that the data being discussed is primarily structured, allowing for a fixed hierarchical approach. He acknowledged the presence of unstructured data, as pointed out by Vani, and suggested that a separate focus would be necessary for analyzing this type of data. He proposed using methods like vectorization and semantic analysis to extract insights from unstructured data.
- Generative Data and AI Ethical Standards:
Stephen Whitenstall highlighted the challenges of generative data, focusing on the necessity of grounding it to prevent misinterpretation. He advocated for applying AI ethical standards when developing tools like governance dashboards. Vasu Madaan mentioned the potential of using natural language data for analysis, although he noted delays in the high-prone approach. Both speakers acknowledged the importance of structured versus unstructured data in sentiment analysis.
- Data Structuring and Analysis in Governance Context
Stephen Whitenstall emphasized the need to interpret data semantically, particularly when dealing with structured and unstructured data in governance contexts. Vani raised concerns about the consent process, noting that while data fields appear structured, responses can often be unstructured and unclear. This discrepancy complicates the analysis and understanding of objections.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create knowledge base graph for next AI agents civic framework discussion session with structured format and Continue AI agents civic framework topic discussion in next quarter (October) with enhanced preparation.  [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 9 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Propose additional agents to R&D guild following onboarding work group proposal model [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 2 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Prepare for theoretical debates by selecting topics one week in advance for better format and mature discussions [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 2 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Graph data, JSON data into graph data
- **emotions:** Interactive, detailed, educative
## Friday 26th September 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** esewilliams [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], advanceameyaw, Mikasa, kenichi, CJFrankie, Eric Davies, Kateri, Gorga Siagian, LordKizzy, photogee
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: Ese opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming members and outlined the agenda. CJ Frankie expressed concern over unresolved governance document action items, citing communication difficulties with Ayo that have hindered follow-up. Ese acknowledged the issue, noting that Martinsoki added it to the agenda due to continued concerns about its status.
- Podcast Progress, Budget, and Timeline Updates:
The team discussed ongoing progress on the podcast initiative. Photogee reported that one episode featuring Jasmine was successfully recorded and edited. Mikasa added that a second episode with Jasmine Smith has also been recorded and is expected to be ready before the next meeting, depending on editing and guest availability.

Kateri noted that further planning is on hold until budget allocations are confirmed. Ese inquired about the podcast promotion budget and emphasized the importance of setting a clear timeline to keep the team accountable. Mikasa was unavailable due to network issues, and CJ Frankie and Mikasa were also absent during the initial budget discussion. Gorga requested a GitHub activity be created for September to submit an extra assignment.
- Scavenger Hunt Updates and Budget:
The team confirmed that all scavenger hunt winners, except one (pending account issues), have received their rewards. Ese reminded members to participate in the upcoming Budget Consent Round.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**]  Ese to create an extra activity on GitHub for September for Gorga to submit reports. [**assignee**] esewilliams [**due**] 10 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Podcast initiative to send Ese a definite or a tentative timeline for the ongoing episode 2. [**assignee**] podcast team [**due**] 10 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] All Marketing Team members to consent to the Budget Consent Round when it opens [**assignee**] Core members [**due**] 10 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Podcast team to complete editing of the episode with Jasmine Smith  before the next Marketing Guild meeting. [**assignee**] podcast team [**due**] 10 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Scavenger Hunt team to plan the next quarter's initiative once the budget allocation is confirmed. [**assignee**] scavenger hunt team [**due**] 10 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Podcast Intiative, Scavenger hunt, Budget Review
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Peacefull,  Understanding.


## Saturday 27th September 2025

### Gamers Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Slate [**facilitator**], devon [**documenter**], LordKizzy, Gorga Siagian, rebel, onfroy, Kateri, martinsoki, Slate
- **Purpose:** To review the Q4 2025 budget request breakdown, showcase prototypes (Visual Glossary and Gamified Portal), assign new map creators, and discuss Roblox publishing changes.
- **Working Docs:**

#### Discussion Points:
- Q4 2025 budget feedback & Visual Glossary Launch: 

Slate opened with feedback on our Q3 2025   report and Q4 2025 budget from the governance dashboard, noting a comment about the visual glossary's current disconnect from Ambassador Program terminology. He showcased the prototype of the Visual Glossary, explaining how it demonstrates terms like “XP System” and “Quest System” using animated visuals. The glossary is intended to educate users through interaction and UI animations.
- Visual Glossary Budget Breakdown and Development Approaches:

The budget request for the glossary is $300, covering UI, animation, glossary entries, and interactivity. Slate described two implementation options:

Option 1: Gamers Guild selects glossary terms, builds animations (Canva/GIFs), and adds entries manually.

Option 2: Launch a form/survey to gather term suggestions from guilds and use those inputs to prioritize entries.
A consensus was formed to use both methods, starting with a curated set and expanding via community submissions. The goal: 10 entries with animations by end of quarter.

A separate line item was proposed for glossary icons and gamified UI assets, mainly to allow flexible use of funds and clearer budget categorization. This item is part of the visual glossary development stream.
- Gamified Portal Demonstration

Slate reintroduced the Gamified Portal, a Zealy–DeWork hybrid platform for XP-based engagement. Users complete quests, explore tools, and earn XP; admins from each guild can manage tools, quests, and review submissions via their dashboard. He suggested that the Visual Glossary could either be:

Integrated directly into this portal,

Kept separate,

Or handed to the Education Guild for wiki integration.

The budget request for this was $450, covering front-end, back-end, testing, UI polishing, and community feedback handling.
- Admin & Coordination:

Slate presented the admin & coordination budget line ($360) covering:
Weekly syncs
Task tracking
Community coordination
Dework usage & announcements

Concerns were raised about whether it could accommodate all documentation and announcement tasks. A suggestion was made to rotate the announcements roster, and Gorga volunteered to set it up.
- Roblox Publishing Policy Update

Slate discussed new Roblox publishing restrictions (effective Sept 30, 2025), which require experiences to be verified via a Content Maturity Questionnaire. Unverified games will be marked "Unplayable." As a result, no new department budgets were requested this quarter. The team agreed to limit new builds temporarily until policy impact becomes clearer.
- New Map Creator Assignments:

Based on activity and past builds, the next department builders for the central river area are:
Kizzy and Devon
They are tasked with:
Extending the water area
Adding a bridge and creative elements (e.g., boats, signs)
Designing an entrance to the new university section
Slate granted them Roblox edit access during the call. Onfray needs to attend two consecutive
calls to get the Gamertag.
- Writers WorkGroup Department Creation Updates: 

Kizzy presented finalized animations for the Writer’s Workgroup:
All characters are animated and placed in respective areas (canteen, study, meeting room, social media). Dialogue animations are partially implemented, with a plan to expand them further. Roaming effects and transitions between rooms were also being tested.

#### Decision Items:
- No new Roblox departments will be added this quarter
  - [**rationale**] Due to platform verification delays.
- Rotation of Tasks 

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Map creators  [**assignee**] LordKizzy, devon [**due**] 25 October 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Game Rules:
No games played 


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** DepartmentUpdate, visual glossary, Gamified Portal, XP system, Map creation updates, Roblox publishing, Q4 2025 budget, Q3 2025 quarterly report, Budget objections
- **emotions:**  Collaborative,  Determined,  informative