---
description: Mon 8th Sep - Sun 14th Sep 2025
---

# Week 37

## Monday 8th September 2025

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** Tevo [**facilitator**], Alfred Itodele [**documenter**], Tevo, advanceameyaw, UknowZork, Alfred, effiom, Rems
- **Purpose:** Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- **Miro board:** [Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764632735545175&cot=10)
- **Other media:** [Link](https://github.com/orgs/SingularityNet-Ambassador-Program/projects/24/views/1)
- **Working Docs:**

#### Agenda item 1 - Team Check-ins & Workgroup Management - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Participants shared personal updates and weekly activities, including virtual experiences, online courses, and routine project involvement, to build rapport.
Tevo initiated the standard process to select a meeting summarizer and a reviewer for the summary.
He specifically noted that this summary would be more challenging than usual due to the conversational and less structured nature of the retrospective, which would require careful capture of various viewpoints.


#### Decision Items:
- Alfred volunteered and was selected as the lead for drafting the meeting summary.
Uknowzork  took on the responsibility of reviewing the summary, finalizing, and publishing it.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Alfred to draft the meeting summary for the 08.09.2025 session.
Uknowzork to review, edit, and publish the final meeting summary.
 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Q3 Retrospective - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Retrospective was also collected asynchronously on the Miro board, the zoom meeting chat, and the ongoing feedback form-Retrospective questions on what went well, what didn’t, impact, and next focus.
What went well: The onboarding process was highlighted as a major success. New members reported the overview document provided "exceptional clarity" and was "instrumental" to their integration, even serving as a benchmark that could improve the main Ambassador Program onboarding. The use of the Miro board was praised for making work organized and explainable. The feedback form effectively created recurring interest, and everyone contributed at least a little each meeting.
What didn't go well: Key challenges included low usage of GitBook outputs by general members, who primarily rely on Discord or each other for information. Participation remained inconsistent, and distributing/picking up tasks was still complicated. Formatting assets in Miro was confusing for new members despite guides, suggesting the process might be overly complex ("micro-managing"). The move to a monthly schedule reduced communication and led to missed meetings due to unclear scheduling.
Our Impact (Output vs. Outcome): The outcome was a more cohesive and learning-focused team. Impacts included learning to use AI in the organization process, improving logical thinking via GPT, and sharing methodologies (like with the ODIN network). Quantitatively, adding 2+ active contributors was a positive improvement.
Decision-Making Process: The process was deemed a success because it was decentralized, fair, and highly accessible to new members, making them feel included and able to contribute immediately.
Feedback Insights: A review of Town Hall feedback and survey results confirmed that while members are aware of the GitBook, they haven't found a reason to use it, preferring Discord and direct communication as their primary information sources.


#### Decision Items:
- The current decision-making and onboarding processes are highly effective and will be continued.
The group acknowledged the critical challenge of making the Knowledge Base a primary, useful resource instead of a secondary archive.

  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Agenda item 3 - Asset Management & GitBook Organization - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Members experienced technical difficulties with the Miro board voting feature, likely due to the board's size and complexity.
As an alternative to Miro voting, the group experimented with using a shared Google Sheet, which was found to be a more accessible method for collaboration on this task.
A suggestion was made to create a dedicated "archive" section within the GitBook to house older, less relevant documents without causing confusion for new members

#### Decision Items:
- The group decided to discard several outdated assets and not add them to the GitBook,
Future Item collections should be done here [New Knowledge Base Assets Sheet}(https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fWHDw7Y7rSw9lffSDwEnmw3G_dyi6L2WqnJila2jvww/edit?gid=0#gid=0)


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Assets were distributed among Tevo, Effiom, Alfred, and advanceameyaw to be organized for the GitBook; 
Alfred
[The good Call - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oOaG5XVBNp4UD2Dy1jXWsmJx7PrhTZSn5fo1i00Ydoo/edit?tab=t.0)
[Decentralised Commons-based Governance of Artificial Intelligence - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lCmBFkdJO19_FI0oMia3SkQPplKR24-NlipD8DaXJyg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.thnegqe38n9i)
[SingularityNET Decentralization Report Updated-Final - PDF](https://public.singularitynet.io/decentralization_report_1.0.pdf)
[1P1V Report - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EMIPTBiauuOwqNQZRGB6detHeSVtz8mhiQ_D2Fooo8U/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.jrhkwkgp273i)

Effiom
[Sentiment survey July/Aug 2025 - results](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w744aSE2GT2kGDLXyZeGXkMU1j2psAnvZPWSIwKQ5sM/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.5m21y229fvs7)
[Governance Workgroup Onboarding Guide - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x5pBvlbA6KG5ereLQdfqpQaHUoXBoncH8ploXoB5U1s/edit?tab=t.0)
[Ambassador Program 2022 - 2023 Reflections - Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1exNs0XxwCabNTjITiayCY9BoO12VH603wPx4-2-QTac/edit?slide=id.g2a546c7923f_0_69#slide=id.g2a546c7923f_0_69)
[SNET Ambassador - Voting Test - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h_KtaPZxV977x3Mxa7T4ta-ivcxXbgmOYetAT3seDw8/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.igic5kaarstq)

Tevo
[WG/Guild Leads DRAFT - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DZK75HYvGKdhdj7TwO1EfPXrSwKfY7VVreeECToDh78/edit)
[Governance WG /Open Governance calls (Tues & Thurs): rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t39dwlwLYYB_1z_5szq1rnOH7mVTHe8Tmwv0R6ELOyE/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.79qe4tnhn88)
[WG Syncing call, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Mdxr2DT9LOi_-7ZS7oIC69ilY67oGqReVhvOuNwUgYQ/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.79qe4tnhn88)

Advance
[Ideas for new approaches to budget decisions - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jr_Yoq-d_WZWRMNcBFy-GkSNWFbm-VD2J14b69v520/edit?tab=t.0)
[Governance WG Facilitation Rota – Q3 2025-Google Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iW2KbVOSbMurQo0zczWcb7Z8FIvVFc4zJLQH28reYgE/edit?gid=258868747#gid=258868747)
[Draft Process for Using “New Ideas” Budget - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aVbnw64oax_Il8NAVgxgQ7_-oWx4K_DkwRbY41QJU8s/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ce1quve37jw)
[WG budget minimums, Q3 2025 budget caps, sentiment survey rankings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17a0CssxFOtK_Pd4Q-wMtBfMGJfVVtJlwjCTbbFmUBCE/edit?gid=1438892795#gid=1438892795)
 [**status**] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Progress Report & Proposal Finalization - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Tevo provided an update on the Q4 proposal and progress report, mentioning his effort to create a unified, repeatable report format across all workgroups (Treasury, Process Guild, etc.).
A significant budget issue was raised: the time spent on asynchronous "documentation and support activities" has consistently exceeded the allocated budget.
To rectify this and ensure contributors are fairly compensated, Tevo proposed adding a new budget line item titled "General Support" to cover these essential but previously under-budgeted tasks.


#### Decision Items:
- The Q4 proposal will be amended to include a new budget line for "General Support."
A potential collaboration with R&D on a knowledge-based agent application was mentioned as an interesting future direction that needs more clarity and organization.


#### Action Items:
- [**action**] All workgroup members are requested to contribute their perspectives to the "Community Sentiment" section of the Q3 progress report.
Tevo will finalize the Q3 progress report and Q4 proposal and submit them. 
 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Retrospective, Participation, Onboarding, GitBook, Asset Management, Miro Board, Google Sheets, Governance Workgroup, Meeting Schedule, Bi-weekly, Quarterly Report, Quarterly Proposal, Budget, Knowledge-Based Agent, Discord


## Wednesday 10th September 2025

### Research and Development Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** guillermolucero [**facilitator**], LordKizzy [**documenter**], guillermolucero, LordKizzy, CallyFromAuron, PeterE, CollyPride, Omolola Lawson, Rems, Ayomi Shuga
- **Purpose:** R&D Updates and Discussions
- **Working Docs:**
  - [MeTTa Coder Lab drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yUE7TQSRzE6BUyOUh41mHQGb_WmZhyEb)
  - [Nunet Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdwU_T2iANX63x3AYyofSb3s2cjp8SPZhMeoK60MTD8nSiIbA/viewform)
  - [Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16Rp5FqkRkBAxEc362uusDkXA23kCBS8o4yXeZYYtmsI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ccgsnlbc8s9h)
  - [Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15dJCh1k8_MR39HS5MaQynf6hTho80rUO1XNZAtifgI0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pJRfpdySCsvkjsMnWpDoeAMVpRJQQxJgTdJJWFj3ioc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Welcoming new Members and Introduction
- Review of last meeting summary Action Items
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance Dashboard, W3CD-Web3-Contributors-Dashboard, CSDB-Collaboration-Skills-Database, Social-Media-Dashboard, Reputation-System-using-SoulBound-Tokens-SBTs,  Event Scheduling and Notification System / Enhancing Calendar Integration with Custom Access, Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program,  AI-Agent @CoreContributor / Human-AI Powered Collaboration for Ambassadors. 

-  Address concerns; Gov-Dash / SingularityNET Ambassadors Governance Framework. 
- AOB Open discussions: Operations moving forward,
identify and establish priorities,
New proposals system redesign,
Onboarding Devs

#### Discussion Points:
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Enhancing Search Engine Optimization for the Ambassadors Program; Lordkizzy provided an overview of the SEO research final report, detailing the audit of program pages and the optimization efforts for social media accounts, specifically Medium and YouTube. Challenges were noted regarding access to the X account, which hindered analytics collection. Recommendations for improving outreach through optimized hashtags and content strategies were also discussed. Lordkizzy discussed the importance of translating research into practical tools that yield results, stressing the need for education rather than forceful implementation. Lordkizzy mentioned plans to collaborate with social media managers to enhance title optimization and content, addressing issues such as missing bios and outdated images on social media accounts. Here is the link to the report: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t7JTV9dLvoMm8-efZ_cFk-A4BYAU0Tyz/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=108142928922286131771&rtpof=true&sd=true
- UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT: Governance AI Agents: Guillermo noted that the dashboard is now functional and integrated with analytics, featuring quick actions and filter options. An Archive Tool has been included, along with a calendar for tracking processes. The team is also working on enhancing usability by improving the layout and highlighting important elements. Additionally, an AI summary feature for proposals has been implemented. Guillermo also mentioned the focus on refining the consent process, suggesting that objections serve as valuable input for improving proposals. he introduced a new proposal structure that allows for better categorization and tracking of different types of proposals, including budgets and community initiatives. The discussion also covered the importance of maintaining a clean and intuitive interface for users. Vani expressed worries about the potential difficulties in retrieving data from the new consenting tool, particularly regarding proposals and budgets. Guillermo confirmed that they would maintain their Google workflow to ensure data duplication and accessibility. They discussed the importance of having a backup system in place and acknowledged the need for a user-friendly interface to prevent data loss during the proposal creation process.

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Guillermo Lucero will schedule a call with Tevo to discuss the integration of the Governance dashboard with the treasury [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 17 September 2025 [**status**] done
- [**action**] Kenichi to share a visual presentation highlighting the progress updates on the R&D Channel [**assignee**] kenichi [**due**] 10 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy will follow up with the writers workgroup & marketing guild regarding the SEO training feedback.  [**assignee**] LordKizzy [**due**] 17 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo will create a video tutorial on how to use the new governance dashboard and share it in the governance meeting.  [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 17 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Lordkizzy will reach out to the social media managers from both the video workgroup and writers workgroup to discuss the SEO audit report and necessary changes [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Proposals, SEO, Governance Dashboard, Status update, Project Management, AI Agent
- **emotions:**  Understanding.,  Satisfaction , Lengthy


## Thursday 11th September 2025

### African Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** Clement Umoh [**facilitator**], UKnowZork [**documenter**], Clement Umoh, UKnowZork, Sucre n Spice, Kateri, Duke, martinsoki, esewilliams, Udoma, Jedidiah Omotayo, Omolola Lawson, Emmanuel Ita, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** African Guild Meeting, 11th of September, 2025
- **Working Docs:**

#### Narrative:
The meeting opened with Clement welcoming everyone to the third phase of the Afro Multilingual Literacy Drive. He reminded participants that the initiative has already held a couple of series in the past, each one focused on a specific theme around learning and community growth. Today’s session, he explained, would revolve around Finance, with a central theme titled: “M-PESA & AI Guardian: Practicing Digital Money.”

To set the tone, Clement began with a short historical reflection. He began by reflecting on the past, noting how coins once served as our main form of transaction a few years back. He explained that M-PESA, widely used in Kenya, works much like what Opay and Moniepoint do in Nigeria—proving that financial innovation can be homegrown. Clement stressed that Africa is fertile ground for such innovations in financial literacy. However, he also pointed out the potential risks: digital wallets can be hacked, fraudsters exploit weaknesses in the system, and inflation can erode trust. This, he argued, is where AI can serve as a guardian, strengthening the security of Africa’s digital financial systems.

Clement emphasized how platforms like M-PESA, Airtel Money, and Opay have become “banks for the unbanked.” With nearly 60% of Sub-Saharan Africa’s population still unbanked, these platforms are more than convenient—they represent digital literacy and financial inclusion. 

He then moved to a more interactive part of the session. He asked the group whether anyone had personal experiences of how mobile money had impacted trade, family support, or community development in their lives. Jedidiah was the first to respond. He shared how mobile money had been a lifeline for him during particularly difficult times. He explained that in situations where access to physical cash or banks was limited, having a mobile wallet made the difference between being stranded and being supported. Duke followed by narrating his experience during the 2023 “No Cash” crisis in Nigeria, when physical currency was scarce, and daily transactions became a struggle. He recalled how PalmPay came to his rescue during a very difficult issue he faced. Since that experience, he has continued to use the platform regularly, though he admitted that he avoids keeping large sums of money in his account for safety reasons. Udoma added his own perspective, focusing on frustrations with traditional banks. He spoke about repeated cases of unnecessary charges, which he felt were unfair and exploitative. These experiences had led him to close multiple accounts over the years, further strengthening his reliance on digital platforms.

After hearing these contributions, Clement returned to the broader discussion. He pointed out that many of these digital financial platforms are now going beyond just storing money or processing transactions. Increasingly, they are integrating advanced tools that help detect fraudulent activity, verify customer identities, and even offer personalized financial advice to users. This, he suggested, demonstrates how digital money can become not only a tool of convenience but also a system of trust and guidance for users across Africa.

He then posed a thought-provoking question to the group: “Who should own the intelligence that protects Africa’s digital money?” His point was that while AI and advanced technologies can safeguard financial systems, the ownership and control of that intelligence remain a critical matter for Africa’s future.

Omotayo responded firmly, saying that Africans must be the ones to own and manage such intelligence. Since the financial assets belong to African users, the control and security systems around them should also remain within African hands. He emphasized that ownership is not just about technology it is about independence and empowerment.

Duke supported this idea and expanded on it. He argued that there is no need for Africa to abandon digital platforms in favor of offline methods. Instead, Africans should be given the tools and opportunities to protect and manage their digital assets themselves, without over-reliance on external systems.

The meeting came to an end with Clement reinforcing the idea that while digital money platforms have already proven themselves as powerful tools for inclusion, the future lies in ensuring that these tools are secure, accessible, and truly African-owned. The discussion, he noted, is not just about financial convenience it is about shaping the continent’s future in terms of trust, innovation, and self-reliance.



#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Afro Multilingual Literacy Drive, M-PESA & AI Guardian, Finance, Digital money, banks for the unbanked, financial technology, Sub-Saharan Africa’s population
- **emotions:** Friendly, Collaborative, funny , Thoughtful , engagement, entertaining, insightful, quiet, New members
## Friday 12th September 2025

### Marketing Guild

- **Type of meeting:** Biweekly
- **Present:** LordKizzy [**facilitator**], martinsoki [**documenter**], esewilliams, Jeffrey Ndarake, advanceameyaw, Ayomi Shuga, Mikasa, kenichi, CJFrankie, Eric Davies, omolola, Kateri, Gorga Siagian
- **Purpose:** Marketing Guild weekly meeting

- **Working Docs:**
  - [Marketing Review Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yycqsncnq7PK0zdfej_uqtEB4GZQQ0d_a1ZDyp7ABUs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Roles and Responsibility for Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyyJLWXeeRwy7vizfNu_kf1TsG7H7IW_3RgjAmNlRn4/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4YWqKesJkbS2kBDbeg9LaoGSTko3y418bxM14v32Q8/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Governance Document For Marketing Guild](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yuVkAdkXA2R4QbLaCZQvWipaB83PAogQWnLR5hwD9ZE/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [Budget Meeting Saturday 24th](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g7isbHLhC0L6IvvMkDfOi5H81Tdc0Wtn0AIUwl5tkvw/edit?usp=drivesdk)
  - [Q3 Contribution & Payout Structure (July–Sept 2025)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDXZDUnA1_cr-DeKE79kadjdTEZJ4qPWInKUyzsuKxY/edit?usp=drivesdk)

#### Discussion Points:
- Updates and Introductions: Lordkizzy opened the Marketing Guild call by welcoming members, including newcomer Omolola, and outlined the agenda. The team reviewed previous action items, focusing on Cj Frankie’s tasks related to proofreading governance doc and communication with Ayo.
- Podcast Initiative Update:
Challenges: No episodes recorded due to guest availability issues; Mikasa highlighted repeated reschedules.

Strategies: Ese suggested producing internal content first; Lordkizzy noted difficulties in shifting back to Twitter Spaces; Tevo was proposed for a future discussion. Deadline pressure for reports emphasized.

Engagement Updates: Uri (MindPlex CEO) is unavailable (surgery), Cabrillo (Nunez CEO) faced network issues, Jasmine is unwell, and Aidy hasn’t been reached yet.

Next Steps: Team agreed to produce at least one episode this quarter—possibly leveraging ambassadors or internal team members to ensure timely delivery.
- Scavenger Hunt Update & Outcomes: Eric Davies stated that Only 11 participants joined due to low awareness and delayed launch. QuizBot limited the experience, though participants still found it fun. Feedback suggested improving question quality and point distribution.

Lordkizzy stressed that reports should reflect real outcomes, not just activities, and requested commentable reports for collaboration. He noted goal misalignment and execution challenges.

Eric Davies highlighted the aim of driving engagement and education about SingularityNET despite outreach issues. Advanceameyaw added that consistent participation, though small, still showed positive impact.

Chatbot & Alternatives Discussion: Custom Discord chatbots estimated at $500–$2,000. Alternatives such as QuizBot and ZilliBot via Zapier were suggested to cut costs.

Community Engagement & Future Planning: Lordkizzy emphasized stronger community engagement and social media amplification, aiming to address criticisms of inorganic participation. September was proposed for the next scavenger hunt, with improved promotion.
Ese Williams suggested rebranding the scavenger hunt to highlight education and meaningful onboarding for better perception and impact.
- Budget Review and Initiative Planning: Lordkizzy outlined the budget cuts affecting the marketing team, noting a reduction in current tasks for Q4. He suggested that the team focus on a single initiative, the scavenger hunt, due to financial limitations. Feedback was solicited from team members, but no additional suggestions were provided

#### Decision Items:
- it was decided to have a single initiative (scavenger hunt) due to financial limitations 
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to copy the document and resolve the comments on the governance documents and share them with the group for final acceptance by next week. [**assignee**] CJFrankie [**due**] 12 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Cj Frankie to have a call with Ayo to resolve the enduring action item in the summary note. [**assignee**] CJFrankie, Ayo [**due**] 26 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Mikasa to reach out to potential guests for the podcast to secure interviews. [**assignee**] Mikasa [**due**] 26 September 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Podcast Intiative, Scavenger hunt, Budget Review
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Peacefull,  Understanding.