---
description: Mon 15th Sep - Sun 21st Sep 2025
---

# Week 38

## Monday 15th September 2025

### WG Sync Call

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** PeterE [**facilitator**], Alfred Itodele, CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], Ayomishuga, Jeffrey Ndaraka, Rems, CallyFromAuron, PeterE, Tevo, AshleyDawn, Sucre n Spice, guillermolucero, AndrewBen, kenichi, UKnowZork, Alfred Itodele
- **Purpose:** Monthly call for all Workgroups to discuss Program-wide issues
- **Working Docs:**
  - [fixing the governance process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D541To5RCcf9nPboZoRnHU5HBQXl6TfwnTAAj6bmYhQ/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.jxte4jt15v0)
  - [WG Syncing call, rolling agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Mdxr2DT9LOi_-7ZS7oIC69ilY67oGqReVhvOuNwUgYQ/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda Items:
- Changes to consent process timeline - specifically, one round of consent instead of two - to conform with the features of the new Governance dashboard
- Integration of historical data into the Governance dashboard
- Verifying the validity of objections 
- Use of the 80-20 rule in the new single-round consent process
- Definition of consent decisionmaking

#### Discussion:
1) Change to consent process timeline

The new dashboard's commenting feature encourages people to comment on budgets and reports, and allows WGs to amend them in response. So the consent process cannot start until this process is finished, to prevent changes after consent is given.
To accommodate this, a new timeline with a single consent round was agreed: see "decisions" below.

We noted that this does not mean the second round is removed forever.


2)Integration of historical data into the Governance dashboard

It would be useful to add past objections and other historical data into the new dashboard, as recurring issues are revealing.
Migrating all data would be a significant effort. Could start with the most recent (Q2/3) data 
Could allocate a budget from Ambassador reserves for the task.
To be discussed further in a future meeting.


3) Verifying the validity of objections

The proposed timeline includes a focus group to check if objections are valid before they are discussed in the Governance WG meeting.
Alfred raised concerns about a small, unelected group making decisions and suggested representation from all workgroups to ensure fairness. But it was pointed out to him that the validity check does *not* involve "making decisions", but simply scanning for any potential invalidities, and the assessment is ratified or not in the Governance meeting.
We agreed to make the validity check an open session where anyone can participate, rather than a pre-selected focus group.
It was clarified that the role of this session is simply to check if an objection is valid, not to comment on how the objection should be resolved.


4) 80-20% rule

In past consent rounds, this rule has been applied in the 2nd round, so that a single objection cannot hold up the process indefinitely.
As we no longer have a 2nd round, the rule might be inapproriate, as it would silence minority objections before they could be discussed.
We agreed all objections will be discussed; and the 80/20 rule will only be applied if agreement cannot otherwise be reached.



5) Definition of consent decisionmaking

In response to a question from Ayomi, the consent process was explained.  
- Consenting to a budget does not mean that you think it is perfect; just that it is "safe enough to try". 
- Objections should not be the objewctor's own ideas for how things could be done better - an objection must identify actual, specific harm that would be caused if a proposal was carried out. 
- The process then focuses on resolving objections by asking objectors what would need to change in order to get their consent.



#### Decision Items:
- The group will adopt a single consent round for the Q4 budget process 
The budget approval timeline was revised and finalized as follows:
- Weds 17th Sept, 23:59 UTC: Deadline for WGs to submit reports and budgets.
- Mon 22nd Sept: End of commenting period; budgets are locked; consent process opens.
- Weds 24th Sept: Deadline for Core Contributors to consent/object/abstain.
- Thurs 25th Sept before Governance meeting: objection validity check session,
- Thurs 25th Sept: Discussion in Governance WG
- Tues 30th Sept: Discussion in Governance WG 

  - [**rationale**] To test the new dashboard's commenting functionality and see if it is able to speed up the consent process.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The meeting on Thurs 25th Sept to review objection validity will be an open session, and anyone who attends can participate.

It isn't a decision-making session - any "invalid" flags will be ratified in the Governance call.

  - [**rationale**] Inclusion and transparency.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- The 80/20 rule will not be automatically applied.
All valid objections will be discussed, even if raised by only one person; and the 80/20 rule will only be applied if agreement cannot otherwise be reached.
  - [**rationale**] To avoid silencing minority objections
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] To ensure the dashboard backend allows for proposals to be locked on Sept 22nd, at which point the consent function becomes active. [**assignee**] guillermolucero [**due**] 19 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Guillermo and Lean to investigate adding a feature to the dashboard to track the resolution of each objection
 [**assignee**] guillermolucero, leandro [**due**] 30 September 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** Governance Dashboard, Q4 2025 budget timeline, migrating historical data, validity of objections, Consent decision-making process for Budget proposals, 80%/20% rule, Consent process
- **emotions:**  Collaborative, Constructive, some skepticism, pragmatic
## Tuesday 16th September 2025

### Ambassador Town Hall

- **Type of meeting:** Weekly
- **Present:** NA [**facilitator**], NA [**documenter**], Abdulbasit Adigun Abdulrahman, Alfred Itodele, Ayo, Colleen Pridemore, Effiom, Guillermo Lucero, Jeffrey Ndarake, Malik, Omolola Lawson, Peter Elfrink, Re ms, CallyFromAuron, Vasu Madaan
- **Purpose:** Regular weekly get-together for the Ambassador Program. Discussion of community-wide issues; sharing of updates and info; and in the last meeting of each month, an update from each Workgroup on what they have been doing
- **Town Hall Number:** 164
- **Working Docs:**


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y" %}

The Ambassador Town Hall is a recurring event happening live on the Ambassador Zoom channel https://www.youtube.com/@SNET_Ambassador each Tuesday at 18:00 UTC.

[00:00](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y\&t=0s) Meeting Opening And Attendee Roll Call
[08:52](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y\&t=532s) Ambassador Program & Consent Process Update
[14:09](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y\&t=849s) R&d Guild And Bnb Hackathon Update
[21:30](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y\&t=1290s) Deep Funding Deepfeed Introduction
[39:49](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y\&t=2389s) Deepfeed Q&a And Discussion
[51:25](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y\&t=3085s) Bgi 25 Planning Discussion
[54:10](https://app.read.ai/analytics/meetings/01K59V0TGKT5VY9A8RSH7VAQ3Y\&t=3250s) General Updates And Meeting Close

#### Town Hall Summary:
The agenda included a presentation by Abdulbasit on the new Deep Funding community website, emphasizing the importance of the Ambassador Program and encouraging participants to engage through the Discord server. Peter Elfrink provided updates on the consent process, noting a deadline change and the requirement for only one round of consent using a governance dashboard. He also highlighted the establishment of a temporary workgroup for Q4 fundraising efforts, addressing challenges in member selection due to high interest. Guillermo Lucero followed with an update on hackathon participation, stressing the need for better communication and collaboration to enhance agent development.

Abdulbasit introduced DeepFeed, a social platform designed for internal communication among AI innovators, aimed at improving collaboration within the decentralized AI community. He detailed the platform's features, including user login with existing credentials, posting updates, and managing visibility of contributions. The initiative seeks to involve Singularity Net Ambassadors as early adopters to gather feedback and ensure effective communication. The discussion also covered the ongoing development of features to amplify the decentralized AI ecosystem, with an emphasis on community involvement and marketing strategies to promote the platform.

The meeting included a discussion on recruiting Singularity Net ambassadors, with Abdulbasit proposing a target of 50, which Peter suggested might be ambitious given the current number of core contributors. The group agreed on using Discord for outreach, as it would be more effective than email. Abdulbasit confirmed that the platform would allow all users to post content related to AI, Web3, and blockchain, and he mentioned plans for a feedback mechanism to enhance user engagement. Peter concluded by proposing a weekly session for BGI 25 planning this Friday 13UTC and reminded workgroup leads to submit budget proposals and quarterly reports by the next day.


#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** governance, budgets, tooling, Deep Funding
- **emotions:** engaging


## Wednesday 17th September 2025

### Archives Workgroup

- **Type of meeting:** Monthly
- **Present:** Stephen [QADAO] [**facilitator**], CallyFromAuron [**documenter**], CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], PeterE, Alfred Itodele, AyomiShuga, UKnowZork, Rems
- **Purpose:** Regular monthly meeting of the Archives WorkGroup in the SingularityNET Ambassador program
- **Meeting video:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4dGsCqdRj6ct6TwdrVKm_Bjg2ToCjzQh)
- **Working Docs:**
  - [GitHub Issue for this meeting](https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/278)
  - [Q3 2025 quarterly report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mXpk-Nx68M9Yfoqc3xpquXwA2Zy6zdIpGFSlCiWU7-k/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Q4 2025 budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14IYxBj-9MGCZRkYIupwvbHgPYZgohnyMSQ-EUFBgpYI/edit?usp=sharing#gid=1427269861)

#### Decision Items:
- As token price remains comparatively low ($0.28), we still won't submit any pending Q1 tasks at the moment. However, we agreed that we should pay out at the start of October provided our WG reserves can cover it all (token price would need to be around $0.30).
  - [**rationale**] Even though paying out when token price is much lower (the Q1 budget was calculated at $0.55) will eat into the WG's reserves, nevertheless we agree it's not good practice to leave tasks unpaid for too long, regardless of token price
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Monthly archives GitBook issues: summaries are still being submitted without any chasing, although as previouly noted, there are fewer meetings happening in general. 

But we noted that the ongoing issues with summary quality seem to be worsening - particularly, vague and meaningless content (e.g. "We made a decision on XYZ" without saying what the decision was), and over-focus of the idea of a "meeting narrative" leading to undue emphasis on inconsequential details, and failure to record actual decisions.

We noted that this might need to be addressed eventually if the corpus is not to become irretrievably corrupt. However, we need to see the results of our knowledge graphs to fully assess the extent of the problem - can a graph derive meaningful and accurate insights despite inadequate summaries?
  - [**rationale**] This is largely caused by documenters relying uncritically on unmediated AI-generated content, which tends to be vague and unspecific, and not applying sufficient "human-in-the-loop" critical insight to correct and expand AI summaries. But as we do not have budget for quality control, such summaries are being added to the Archives as-is.
  - [**opposing**] Poor summary quality is being addressed, to some extent, outside of Archives WG (e.g. Vani checks and corrects summaries in WGs she is active in when they are presented for members' comments), but this is both time-consuming and limited in reach, and also unpaid. We noted that other measures might need to be implemented eventually (e.g training for documenters?)

  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Knowledge graph development: In August and so far in September, the focus (see https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/277 and https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/SingularityNET-Archive/issues/279 , and this repo https://github.com/SingularityNET-Archive/Graph-Python-scripts) has been on moving away from  Neo4.j Aura towards a Python-based open source approach, using the open-source graph tool Gephi.

Stephen has then been refining the raw, undifferentiated graphs with graphical and statistical methods such as force-directed layouts to help discern patterns and disambiguate clusters.
  - [**rationale**] To align more fully with the Archives' open source ethos.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Stephen will be delivering a session on Thurs 25 Sept at AI Sandbox/Think Tank to share the knowledge graph work so far.

  - [**rationale**] Especially given that in Q4 we hope to engage the community with some rule-based auditing of graph outputs, we want to introduce people to the work so far.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We discussed a little what kinds of things the community might want to be able to ask a knowledge graph. We noted the following possibilities:

- Who is working where, and whether this is reflected in recognition people get (Peter)
- Can the Archives corpus tell us anything, by implication, about what goes on outside meetings? (e.g. action items assigning async work; linked documents that are outputs of async work) (Vani)
- Influence, who has it, and how it fluctuates (we noted that early indications are that influence is not monolithic or fixed, that there are sevral "clusters" of influence, and that it is quite fluid and changes rapidly, perhaps reflecting the decentralised nature of the Program)
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We discussed how our knowledge graph outputs could eventually be integrated into the ecosystem. Suggestions included

- a Discord bot which could retrieve material to answer people's questions

- integration with R&D's Governance Dashboard, particularly to ensure that its AI assistant has meaningful input on the Ambassador Program's specific context. (We noted also that generative models can be limited in their usefulness, particularly if all we do is throw a load of unstructured data at them. Because they can at least do more than they could a couple of years ago, people can be misled about their usefulness.)

- some kind of collaboration with Atomspace https://github.com/opencog/atomspace
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We noted that our knowledge graph work in Q4 is likely to address the different approaches needed for structured data (e.g some of meeting summary templates in use) and unstructured data (e.g. documents that are linked in meeting summaries; and the unstructured, free-text fields such as "Meeting Narrative" that are currently part of some summary templates.) 
 
This will likely involve some semantic analysis (for example analysing particular parts of speech - what nounds are there, what verbs are there, in a piece of text?), and some sentiment analysis, in which we hope to move beyond simplistic "good/bad/neutral" approaches The fact that the archives corpus includes extensive "emotion tags" could be interesting here.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- In a collaboration with Video WG, André and Malik have created a process to automate Town Hall suammries, using Read.ai data to create timestamps, and automating adding them to the summary tool. The meeting acknowledged how useful this is, and thanked Malik for the work, which will be compensated from Archives WG reserves with a smaller contribution from Video WG.
  - [**rationale**] This addresses the ongoing pain point of finding time to submit summaries of Ambassador Town Hall to the Archives.
  - [**effect**] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Archives WG's Q3 quarterly report and Q4 budget have been submitted  to the new Governance Dashboard here
https://singularitynet-governance-dashboard.vercel.app/dashboard/proposals/cmfl42fhl0001l80a7auerrrl

The consent process ends on 30th Sept, so we will know then if it has been approved.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Vani to publicise the information session at AI Sandbox/Think Tank next Thurs, 25th Sept [**assignee**] CallyFromAuron [**due**] 19 September 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI ethics, token price, Neo4j, community engagement, q4 2025 budget, open source tooling, Knowledge Graph, Knowledge management across the singularityNET ecosystem, Gephi, Q3 2025 quarterly report, Open source, AI Sandbox/Think Tank, Video WG, human-in-the-loop, AI-generated summaries, meeting summary quality, Atomspace, R&D Guild, Governance Dashboard, what kinds of questions, structured vs unstructured data, Town Hall summaries, Automation, semantic analysis, sentiment analysis, Discord bot, WG reserves, force-directed graph layouts
- **emotions:** interesting, short, wide-ranging, Discursive
## Thursday 18th September 2025

### AI Sandbox/Think-tank

- **Type of meeting:** Think-Tank
- **Present:** osmium [**facilitator**], Gorga Siagian [**documenter**], Kateri, UKnowZork, martinsoki, PeterE, Santos, Rems, John Zakariya, MaxMilez
- **Purpose:** Weekly meeting on AI Think Tank discussion on Budget Request, Quarterly Report, and the topic about "AI Agent Civic Framework – Rights and Duties for Autonomous AI Agents"

- **Working Docs:**
  - [AI SANDBOX/THINK-TANK #48 Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nrGj1cwZ_76l7QJuocomVQ1HnxuhoV0Usrd-hoAgKxU/edit?tab=t.0)
  - [A.I Sandbox/Think tank Budget Request  Q4 2025](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1533H_uqak_S1ib4sUON5mBjqkXN3DHcRYLl6cVVymWg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [A.I Sandbox/Think-tank Q3 2025 Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y8tRahv0_POOJJnP73QHz1-5O0V-YXKCPt7cEm_0MDo/edit?usp=sharing)

#### In this meeting we discussed:
- Vasu presented the budget request for Q4 2025. The budget requests include:
a. Facilitation and agenda preparation funding secured with specific allocation for community documentation needs
b. Exhibition sessions, covering two project showcases and administrative task support for community engagement. 
c. Expert-led workshops, including follow-up activities with clear deliverable expectations. 
d. Community engagement introduced for roundtable discussions and theoretical debates to motivate participant involvement.
- Vasu presented the workgroup's quarterly report for Q3 2025, including: 
a. AI Sandbox/ Think-Tank integration successfully completed with dual focus approach combining practical agent development and governance considerations
b. Agent build expansion achieved through catalog development, targeting three high-leverage roles tied to MASM website mission
c. Governance-oriented debates conducted to inform requirements for ethics and governance advisor agent development
d. Deep dive into ASI 1 LLM initiated, with practical application through development of an onboarding agent prototype
e. SEO research assistant development progressed using ASI 1 LLM agent technology with R&D funding support from previous allocation
f. EthosGuard framework completion, representing major governance milestone for autonomous agent ethics
g. Community engagement metrics dmonstrated strong participation with an average of 14 participants per session
- Vasu started the discussion on the topic of his proposed “AI agent civic framework - rights and duties for autonomous AI agents”.

He asked participants what an AI agent is, from their perspectives.

Gorga said that an AI agent is the smart contract integration approach favored by some participants who view AI agents as the brain layer behind smart contracts. Vasu sked whether Read.AI is an AI Agent and Gorga answered no, Read.AI is an AI tool. 

Can tools like Read AI be categorized as agents or just simple automation services? Kateri said that an AI agent is like a computer program designed to make decisions or take actions to achieve specific goals. Peter added that an AI agent is processing something, so that you can ask something that can work with it and get different outputs back to you. This can also be applied to other agents.

- Vasu explained his framework of 4 levels of autonomy with specific capability definitions:

- Level 0: Inform and observe capabilities limited to data collection and reporting functions 
- Level 1: Draft and propose functionality enabling recommendation generation and proposal creation
- Level 2: Execute tasks with limits incorporating guard rails and bounded operational parameters
- Level 3: Self-delegating and fully autonomous operation with minimal human oversight requirements

Participants discussed agent qualification criteria, highlighting the complexity of classification across different use cases. DeFi trading bots are recognized as clear agents with autonomous decision-making and execution capabilities. Research assistants are recognized for autonomous data processing and analysis capabilities with a reasoning component. Voice assistants are accepted as agents despite limitations in accent recognition and mixed interaction quality
- Rights and responsibilities framework development for AI agents:

Participants discussed the proposed agent rights structure including identity, operational freedom and communication protocols, and the proposed system of cryptographic identity requirements for unique agent identification and public registration. Various due process mechanisms are proposed through transparent appeals via a steward or DAO voting structure. and finally a guaranteed API channel for communication between agents is recommended for collaborative agent interaction and coordination. 

For the agent duty framework, participants discussed the focus on transparency, accountability, and integration of human oversight.
There is mandatory notification and provenance in AI agent tagging, along with model information requirements and accessible datasets. Proof of cryptographic action is proposed, including input/output hashes for complete traceability and verification. A human takeover mechanism is integrated through the supervisory DAO structure, ensuring appropriate control and intervention capabilities.
- Community AI agent experiences and use cases:

The participants discussed trading bot applications, which demonstrate the practical application of autonomous agents with varying performance results. Then there is the automation of crypto price monitoring achieved with the ability to execute entry and exit strategies. Accuracy limitations are acknowledged with occasional losses due to imperfect predictions and market volatility. Cardano blockchain integration was mentioned for DeFi farming strategies and specific yield optimization.

Participants noted that research and productivity applications show significant improvements in time efficiency with quality in mind. For example, the acceleration of academic research achieved through automated citation discovery and article discovery, the trade-off between quality and speed identified with AI assistance providing broader coverage but with a potential sacrifice in depth, and the quality of manual research is generally superior in terms of depth but is more time-consuming, requiring library access and extensive manual searching.

Participants also discussed voice assistant integrations - these help accessibility, but have technical limitations.  For example, successful Alexa implementations for basic automation including timers, scheduling and music control, accent recognition challenges that cause user experience friction requiring repeated commands and customization, and legacy chatbot experiences with SimSimi and customer support bots that provide historical context for agent evolution.

#### Decision Items:
- We agree with the submission of the Q4 2025 Budget request and Q3 2025 Quarterly Report.
  - [**effect**] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [**action**] Create knowledge base graph for next AI agents civic framework discussion session with structured format and Continue AI agents civic framework topic discussion in next quarter (October) with enhanced preparation.  [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 9 October 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Propose additional agents to R&D guild following onboarding work group proposal model [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 25 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Prepare for theoretical debates by selecting topics one week in advance for better format and mature discussions [**assignee**] osmium [**due**] 25 September 2025 [**status**] todo
- [**action**] Martinsoki will document the next meeting. [**assignee**] martinsoki [**due**] 25 September 2025 [**status**] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- **topics covered:** AI Civic Agent, Q3 2025 quarterly report, Q4 2025 budget, AI agent civic framework, AI autonomy, AI Agent
- **emotions:** Interactive, detailed, collaborative, educative